entry_name,name,description
194,wooper,"this Pokémon usually lives in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food.On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film."
186,politoed,"If POLIWAG and POLIWHIRL hear its echoing cry, theyrespond by gather­ ing from far and wide."
152,chikorita,"It waves its leaf around to keep foes at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, creating a friendly atmosphere that becalms the battlers."
404,luxio,Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage to cause fainting. They live in small groups.
13,weedle,It eats its weight in leaves every day. It fends off attackers with the needle on its head.
504,patrat,"Extremely cautious, they take shifts to maintain a constant watch of their nest. They feel insecure without a lookout."
886,drakloak,It’s capable of flying faster than 120 mph. It battles alongside Dreepy and dotes on them until they successfully evolve.
6,charizard,"this Pokémon flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heatthat it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself."
57,primeape,"It grows angry if you see its eyes and gets angrier if you run. If you beat it, it gets even madder."
602,tynamo,"These Pokémon move in schools. They have an electricity-generating organ, so they discharge electricity if in danger."
291,ninjask,Its cry leaves a lasting headache if heard for too long. It moves so quickly that it is almost invisible.
338,solrock,"A new Pokémon species, rumored to be from the sun. It gives off light while spinning."
298,azurill,Its tail is packed full of the nutrients it needs to grow.
117,seadra,It is capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its winglike pectoral fins and stout tail.
111,rhyhorn,Its massive bones are 1000 times harder than humanbones. It can easily knock a trailer flying.
170,chinchou,"On the dark ocean floor, its only means of communication is its constantly flashing lights."
367,huntail,It lives deep in the pitch-dark sea. It attracts prey by moving its tail in mimicry of a small animal.
502,dewott,"As a result of strict training, each this Pokémon learns different forms for using the scalchops."
224,octillery,It loves to lurk inside holes in rocks. It sometimes sprays ink on prey by sticking out only its mouth.
611,fraxure,Their tusks can shatter rocks. Territory battles between this Pokémon can be intensely violent.
506,lillipup,"Because it doesn’t yelp, it’s extremely popular with Trainers who live in apartment buildings."
359,absol,It senses coming disasters and appears before people only to warn them of impending danger.
132,ditto,"A this Pokémon rearranges its cell structure to transform itself. However, if it tries to change based on its memory, it will get details wrong."
564,tirtouga,"Restored from a fossil, this Pokémon can dive to depths beyond half a mile."
313,volbeat,"With the arrival of night, this Pokémon emits light from its tail. It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity andflashing of its light. This POKéMON is attracted by the sweet aroma of ILLUMISE."
3,venusaur,There is a large flower on this Pokémon’s back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower’s aroma soothes the emotions of people.
263,zigzagoon,this Pokémon restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This POKéMON does so because it is very curious.It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see.
76,golem,"Even dynamite can’t harm its hard, boulderlike body. It sheds its hide just once a year."
526,gigalith,The solar energy absorbed by its body’s orange crystals is magnified internally and fired from its mouth.
863,perrserker,What appears to be an iron helmet is actually hardened hair. This Pokémon lives for the thrill of battle.
738,vikavolt,this Pokémon flusters opponents with acrobatic flying maneuvers. This creates an opening for it to deliver an electric beam attack.
530,excadrill,"More than 300 feet below the surface, they build mazelike nests. Their activity can be destructive to subway tunnels."
281,kirlia,It has a psychic power that enables it to distort the space around it and see into the future.
355,duskull,"this Pokémon can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may be. Once this Pokémon chooses a target, it will doggedly pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn."
77,ponyta,It is a weak runner immediately after birth. It gradually becomes faster by chasing after its parents.
315,roselia,"The more healthy the this Pokémon, the more pleasant its flowers’ aroma. Its scent deeply relaxes people."
131,lapras,It loves crossing the sea with people and Pokémon on its back. It understands human speech.
497,serperior,It only gives its all against strong opponents who are not fazed by the glare from this Pokémon’s noble eyes.
267,beautifly,"Despite its looks, it is aggressive. It jabs with its long, thin mouth if disturbed while collecting pollen."
371,bagon,"Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day."
799,guzzlord,"A dangerous Ultra Beast, it appears to be eating constantly, but for some reason its droppings have never been found."
122,mr-mime,It’s known for its top-notch pantomime skills. It protects itself from all sorts of attacks by emitting auras from its fingers to create walls.
572,minccino,"When its tail has gotten dirty from self-cleaning or from cleaning its nest, this Pokémon spends a whole day washing its tail in clean spring water."
226,mantine,"As it majestically swims, it doesn't care if REMORAIDattach to it for scavenging its leftovers."
339,barboach,"Its whiskers make a superb radar. They are used to locate prey, even in the murkiest of water."
14,kakuna,"While awaiting evolution, it hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches."
108,lickitung,"Whenever this Pokémon comes across something new, it will unfailingly give it a lick. It does so because it memorizesthings by texture and by taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things."
1,bulbasaur,"For some time after its birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back."
141,kabutops,Its sleek shape is perfect for swim­ ming. It slashesprey with its claws and drains the body fluids.
90,shellder,"The shell can withstand any attack. However, when it is open, the tender body is exposed."
722,rowlet,"At a distance, it launches its sharp feathers while flying about. If the enemy gets too close, this Pokémon switches tactics and delivers vicious kicks."
221,piloswine,this Pokémon is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold. This Pokémon uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
521,unfezant,Males swing their head plumage to threaten opponents. The females’ flying abilities surpass those of the males.
118,goldeen,"Though it appears very elegant when swimming with fins unfurled, it can jab powerfully with its horn."
388,grotle,It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokémon there on its back.
278,wingull,"With its long, thin wings, it catches updrafts and flies like a glider high up into the sky."
166,ledian,"When the stars flicker in the night sky, it flutters about, scattering a glowing powder."
21,spearow,"Inept at flying high. However, it can fly around very fast to protect its territory."
678,meowstic,The eyeball patterns on the interior of its ears emit psychic energy. It keeps the patterns tightly covered because that power is too immense.
344,claydol,"This mysterious Pokémon started life as an ancient clay figurine made over 20,000 years ago."
207,gligar,It sails on the winds with its limbs extended to strike from the sky. It aims for the prey’s face.
460,abomasnow,It lives a quiet life on mountains that are perpetually covered in snow. It hides itself by whipping up blizzards.
306,aggron,"this Pokémon is protective of its environment. If its mountain is ravaged by a landslide or a fire, this Pokémon will haul topsoil to the area, plant trees, and beautifully restore its own territory."
209,snubbull,"In contrast to its appearance, it’s quite timid. When playing with other puppy Pokémon, it sometimes gets bullied."
80,slowbro,"If the tail-biting SHELLDER is thrown off in a harshbattle, it reverts to being an ordi­ nary SLOWPOKE."
215,sneasel,"Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it suddenly extends the claws and startles its enemy."
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially developed to enable it to see clearly even in murky darkness and minimal light.
452,drapion,"Its poison is potent, but it rarely sees use. This Pokémon prefers to use physical force instead, going on rampages with its car-crushing strength."
576,gothitelle,Starry skies thousands of light-years away are visible in the space distorted by their intense psychic power.
155,cyndaquil,"this Pokémon protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back. The flames are vigorous if the POKéMONis angry. However, if it is tired, the flames splutter fitfully with incomplete combustion."
491,darkrai,It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of the new moon.
340,whiscash,"It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything—if it is alive, this Pokémon will eat it."
6,charizard,"this Pokémon flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself."
666,vivillon,this Pokémon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.
701,hawlucha,It always strikes a pose before going for its finishing move. Sometimes opponents take advantage of that time to counterattack.
780,drampa,"this Pokémon is a kind and friendly Pokémon—up until it’s angered. When that happens, it stirs up a gale and flattens everything around."
278,wingull,"Catching sea winds with its long wings, it soars as if it were a glider. It folds its wings to rest."
869,alcremie,"When it trusts a Trainer, it will treat them to berries it’s decorated with cream."
426,drifblim,"They carry people and Pokémon, but the wind can catch them, so there can’t be a fixed destination."
229,houndoom,"Long ago, people imagined its eerie howls to be the call of the grim reaper."
495,snivy,"They photosynthesize by bathing their tails in sunlight. When they are not feeling well, their tails droop."
361,snorunt,"In the snow country, certain folklore says a house will prosper if a this Pokémon lives there."
195,quagsire,It has an easygoing nature. It doesn’t care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming.
214,heracross,"It’s proud of its thick horn. In Alola, its biggest rival is Vikavolt, which it’s always fighting with."
308,medicham,"Through yoga training, it gained the psychic power to predict its foe’s next move."
291,ninjask,"Because it darts about vigorously at high speed, it is very difficult to see. Hearing its distinctive cries for too long induces a headache."
247,pupitar,"Its shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it is also very strong. Its thrashing can topple a mountain."
469,yanmega,Its jaw power is incredible. It is adept at biting apart foes while flying by at high speed.
297,hariyama,"this Pokémon practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this POKéMON’s powerful,openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two."
166,ledian,"It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live many this Pokémon. For good reason, they use the light of the stars as energy."
78,rapidash,"Very competitive, this POKéMON will chase anythingthat moves fast in the hopes of racing it."
237,hitmontop,It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by 10.
303,mawile,"this Pokémon’s huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, this Pokémon chomps it with its gaping jaws."
150,mewtwo,"this Pokémon is a POKéMON that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientificpower of humans created this POKéMON’s body, they failed to endow this Pokémon with a compassionate heart."
125,electabuzz,"When a storm arrives, gangs of this Pokémon compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning bolts. Some towns use this Pokémon in place of lightning rods."
465,tangrowth,"Even if one of its arms is eaten, it’s fine. The Pokémon regenerates quickly and will go right back to normal."
220,swinub,"If it smells something enticing, it dashes off headlong to find the source of the aroma."
410,shieldon,"It is outstandingly armored. As a result, it can eat grass and berries without having to fight."
53,persian,"It has a high opinion of itself, although not to the same extent as the Alolan this Pokémon. It’s quite difficult to make friends with this Pokémon."
490,manaphy,It starts its life with a wondrous power that permits it to bond with any kind of Pokémon.
434,stunky,It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours.
69,bellsprout,A carnivorous POKéMON that traps and eats bugs. It appears to use its root feet to replenish moisture.
27,sandshrew,"this Pokémon has a very dry hide that is extremely tough. The Pokémon can roll into a ball that repels any attack. At night, it burrows into the desert sand to sleep."
201,unown,"When alone, nothing happens. However, if there are two or more, an odd power is said to emerge."
302,sableye,It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
392,infernape,It tosses its enemies around with agility. It uses all its limbs to fight in its own unique style.
301,delcatty,"this Pokémon sleeps anywhere it wants without keeping a permanent nest. If other Pokémon approach it as it sleeps, this Pokémon will never fight—it will just move away somewhere else."
112,rhydon,Its brain devel­ oped when it began walking on hindlegs. Its thick hide protects it even in magma.
151,mew,"Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe this Pokémon to be the ancestor of Pokémon."
632,durant,"They attack in groups, covering themselves in steel armor to protect themselves from Heatmor."
501,oshawott,"It fights using the scalchop on its stomach. In response to an attack, it retaliates immediately by slashing."
111,rhyhorn,"this Pokémon runs in a straight line, smashing everything in its path. It is not bothered even if it rushes headlong into a block of steel. This Pokémon may feel some pain from the collision the next day, however."
357,tropius,Delicious fruits grew out from around its neck because it always ate the same kind of fruit.
49,venomoth,The dust-like scales covering its wings arecolor coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has.
48,venonat,"this Pokémon is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection.It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even miniscule prey."
435,skuntank,It attacks by spraying a horribly smelly fluid from the tip of its tail. Attacks from above confound it.
254,sceptile,"In the jungle, its power is without equal. This POKéMON carefully grows trees and plants. It regulates its body temperature by basking in sunlight."
200,misdreavus,A Pokémon that startles people in the middle of the night. It gathers fear as its energy.
56,mankey,"It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason."
784,kommo-o,It clatters its tail scales to unnerve opponents. This Pokémon will battle only those who stand steadfast in the face of this display.
252,treecko,"this Pokémon is cool, calm, and collected—it never panics under any situation. If a bigger foe were to glare at this Pokémon, it would glare right back without conceding an inch of ground."
338,solrock,"When it rotates itself, it gives off light similar to the sun, thus blinding its foes."
231,phanpy,It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
360,wynaut,It tends to move in a pack. Individuals squash against one another to toughen their spirits.
41,zubat,"Even though it has no eyes, it can sense obstacles using ultrasonic waves it emits from its mouth."
191,sunkern,"this Pokémon try to minimize movement to conserve the nutrients they have stored in their bodies for evolution. They will not eat, subsisting only on morning dew."
434,stunky,The foul fluid from its rear is so revolting that it can make people feel queasy up to a mile and a quarter away.
175,togepi,Its shell is said to be stuffed with happiness that it shares with kindhearted people.
340,whiscash,"It claims a large swamp to itself. If a foe comes near it, it sets off tremors by thrashing around."
179,mareep,Its fluffy coat swells to double when static electricity builds up. Touching it can be shocking.
423,gastrodon,"Long ago, its entire back was shielded with a sturdy shell. There are traces of it left in its cells."
25,pikachu,"It has small electric sacs on both its cheeks. If threatened, it looses electric charges from the sacs."
603,eelektrik,It wraps itself around its prey and paralyzes it with electricity from the round spots on its sides. Then it chomps.
236,tyrogue,"It is always bursting with energy. To make itself stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses."
791,solgaleo,"This Pokémon is said to be a male evolution of Cosmog. At the activation of its third eye, it departs for another world."
235,smeargle,"A this Pokémon marks its territory using a fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. About 5,000 different marks left by this POKéMON have been found."
423,gastrodon,"Long ago, its entire back was shielded with a sturdy shell. There are traces of it left in its cells."
266,silcoon,"Having wrapped silk around the branches of a tree, it quiescently awaits evolution."
548,petilil,"By pruning the leaves on its head with regularity, this Pokémon can be grown into a fine plump shape."
240,magby,"this Pokémon’s state of health is determined by observing the fire it breathes. If the POKéMON is spouting yellowflames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames."
469,yanmega,The beat of its wings is so powerful that it accidentally dislodges full-grown trees when it takes off in flight.
566,archen,"Revived from a fossil, this Pokémon is thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokémon."
145,zapdos,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird Pokémon. It’s said that when this Pokémon rubs its feathers together, lightning will fall immediately after."
64,kadabra,"When it uses its psychic power, it emits strong ha waves that can ruin precision devices."
575,gothorita,"According to many old tales, it creates friends for itself by controlling sleeping children on starry nights."
84,doduo,The brains in its two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power.
212,scizor,It swings its eye-patterned pincers up to scare its foes. This makes it look like it has three heads.
103,exeggutor,"If a head drops off, it emits a telepathic call insearch of others to form an EXEGGCUTE cluster."
205,forretress,It remains immovably rooted to its tree. It scatters pieces of its hard shell to drive its enemies away.
30,nidorina,The female has a gentle temperament. It emits ultrasonic cries that have the power to befuddle foes.
344,claydol,An ancient clay figurine that came to life as a Pokémon from exposure to a mysterious ray of light.
307,meditite,It never skips its daily yoga training. It heightens its inner strength through meditation.
556,maractus,"Arid regions are their habitat. They move rhythmically, making a sound similar to maracas."
276,taillow,"this Pokémon is young - it has only just left its nest. As a result, it sometimes becomes lonesome and cries at night.This POKéMON feeds on WURMPLE that live in forests."
624,pawniard,"Blades comprise this Pokémon’s entire body. If battling dulls the blades, it sharpens them on stones by the river."
529,drilbur,It makes its way swiftly through the soil by putting both claws together and rotating at high speed.
265,wurmple,It lives among the tall grass and in forests. It repels attacks by raising up the spikes on its rear.
100,voltorb,It looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on touch.
86,seel,The protruding horn on its head is very hard.It is used for bashing through thick ice.
205,forretress,It remains immova­ bly rooted to its tree. It scatterspieces of its hard shell to drive its enemies away.
37,vulpix,"It can freely control fire, making fiery orbs fly like will-o’-the-wisps. Just before evolution, its six tails grow hot as if on fire."
260,swampert,It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
66,machop,"It loves working out. As it gazes at its muscles, which continue to swell day by day, it becomes more and more dedicated to its training."
86,seel,Loves freezing cold conditions. Relishes swimmingin a frigid cli­ mate of around 14F degrees.
484,palkia,It is said to live in a gap in the spatial dimension parallel to ours. It appears in mythology.
329,vibrava,"To help make its wings grow, it dissolves quantities of prey in its digestive juices and guzzles them down every day."
169,crobat,"The transformation of its legs into wings made it better at flying, but more clumsy at walking."
372,shelgon,"Covering this Pokémon’s body are outgrowths much like bones. The shell is very hard and bounces off enemy attacks.When awaiting evolution, this POKéMON hides away in a cavern."
210,granbull,"It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs."
323,camerupt,"this Pokémon has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees F courses through its body.Occasionally, the humps on this POKéMON’s back erupt, spewing the superheated magma."
142,aerodactyl,A savage Pokémon that died out in ancient times. It was resurrected using DNA taken from amber.
670,floette,It flutters around fields of flowers and cares for flowers that are starting to wilt. It draws out the hidden power of flowers to battle.
574,gothita,Their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic power. They are always staring at something.
199,slowking,"Miraculously, this former Slowpoke’s latent intelligence was drawn out when Shellder poison raced through its brain."
218,slugma,"A common sight in volcanic areas, it slowly slithers around in a constant search for warm places."
210,granbull,"this Pokémon has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pokémon to tip its head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately."
277,swellow,"this Pokémon is very conscientious about the upkeep of its glossy wings. Once two this Pokémon are gathered, they diligently take care of cleaning each other’s wings."
101,electrode,It stores an over­ flowing amount of electric energyinside its body. Even a small shock makes it explode.
605,elgyem,This Pokémon had never been seen until it appeared from far in the desert 50 years ago.
675,pangoro,This rowdy Pokémon boasts great physical strength. Many Trainers are also smitten by its lively character.
244,entei,"It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe."
301,delcatty,"Rather than keeping a permanent lair, it habitually seeks comfortable spots and sleeps there. It is nocturnal and becomes active at dusk."
321,wailord,"They eat so many fish Pokémon that when this Pokémon become too numerous, fishermen have to chase them off."
592,frillish,"They paralyze prey with poison, then drag them down to their lairs, five miles below the surface."
106,hitmonlee,"When in a hurry, its legs lengthen progressively. It runs smoothly with extra-long, loping strides."
324,torkoal,"It burns coal to produce energy. When it has burned through all of its coal, it becomes unable to move."
850,sizzlipede,It stores flammable gas in its body and uses it to generate heat. The yellow sections on its belly get particularly hot.
62,poliwrath,"With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting."
195,quagsire,"this Pokémon hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware. Because the Pokémon does not move, it does not get very hungry."
346,cradily,"this Pokémon’s body serves as an anchor, preventing it from being washed away in rough seas. This Pokémon secretes a strong digestive fluid from its tentacles."
470,leafeon,"It basically does not fight. With cells similar to those of plants, it can perform photosynthesis."
20,raticate,People say that it fled from its enemies by using its small webbed hind feet to swim from island to island in Alola.
597,ferroseed,It absorbs the iron it finds in the rock while clinging to the ceiling. It shoots spikes when in danger.
330,flygon,"this Pokémon whips up a sandstorm by flapping its wings. The wings create a series of notes that sound like singing.Because the “singing” is the only thing that can be heard in a sandstorm, this POKéMON is said to be the desert spirit."
190,aipom,It lives high among the treetops. It can use its tail as freely and cleverly as its hands.
148,dragonair,"Some say that if you see it at the start of the year, flying through the sky and twisting its body, you’ll be healthy all year long."
438,bonsly,"In order to adjust the level of fluids in its body, it exudes water from its eyes. This makes it appear to be crying."
338,solrock,"A new Pokémon species, rumored to be from the sun. It gives off light while spinning."
50,diglett,"Its skin is very thin. If it is exposed to light, its blood heats up, causing it to grow weak."
330,flygon,This Pokémon hides in the heart of sandstorms it creates and seldom appears where people can see it.
147,dratini,"Long thought to be a myth, this Pokémon’s existence was only recently confirmed by a fisherman who caught one."
718,zygarde,It’s thought to be monitoring the ecosystem. There are rumors that even greater power lies hidden within it.
58,growlithe,Very friendly and faithful to people. It will try to repel enemies by barking and biting.
809,melmetal,"At the end of its life-span, this Pokémon will rust and fall apart. The small shards left behind will eventually be reborn as Meltan."
408,cranidos,"A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with head butts."
622,golett,Ancient science fashioned this Pokémon from clay. It’s been active for thousands of years.
212,scizor,"Though its body is slim, this Pokémon has tremendous attacking power. Even this Pokémon’s muscles are made of metal."
84,doduo,A two-headed Pokémon that was discovered as a sudden mutation. It runs at a pace of over 60 miles per hour.
517,munna,"It eats the dreams of people and Pokémon. When it eats a pleasant dream, it expels pink-colored mist."
12,butterfree,Close examination of its large eyes reveals that each eye is composed of a myriad of tiny eyes.
81,magnemite,They gather in places where electricity is available. They can be found clinging to the steel towers used to support power lines.
399,bidoof,A comparison revealed that this Pokémon’s front teeth grow at the same rate as Rattata’s.
568,trubbish,Inhaling the gas they belch will make you sleep for a week. They prefer unsanitary places.
205,forretress,Its entire body is shielded by a steel-hard shell. What lurks inside this shell is a total mystery.
154,meganium,"The fragrance of a this Pokémon’s flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, it gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe’s fighting spirit."
125,electabuzz,"With the coming of a storm, many of these Pokémon will gather under tall trees and sit there waiting for lightning to strike."
863,perrserker,"After many battles, it evolved dangerous claws that come together to form daggers when extended."
94,gengar,The leer that floats in darkness belongs to a this Pokémon delighting in casting curses on people.
393,piplup,"A poor walker, it often falls down. However, its strong pride makes it puff up its chest without a care."
570,zorua,"It changes so it looks just like its foe, tricks it, and then uses that opportunity to flee."
695,heliolisk,They flare their frills and generate energy. A single this Pokémon can generate sufficient electricity to power a skyscraper.
36,clefable,"Its very sensitive ears lets it dis­ tinguish distantsounds. As a re­ sult, it prefers quiet places."
184,azumarill,"By keeping still and listening in­ tently, it cantell what is in even wild, fast- moving rivers."
168,ariados,"It attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends."
410,shieldon,It habitually polishes its face by rubbing it against tree trunks. It is weak to attacks from behind.
264,linoone,"It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails."
237,hitmontop,"If you are enchanted by its smooth, dance-like kicks, you may get a closer experience with one than you’d like."
135,jolteon,"this Pokémon’s cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur, enabling the Pokémon to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles."
6,charizard,"A this Pokémon flies about in search of strong opponents. It breathes intense flames that can melt any material. However, it will never torch a weaker foe."
11,metapod,"This POKéMON is vulnerable to attack while itsshell is soft, exposing its weak and tender body."
751,dewpider,"When two this Pokémon meet, they display their water bubbles to each other. Then the one with the smaller bubble gets out of the other’s way."
336,seviper,It sharpens its swordlike tail on hard rocks. It hides in tall grass and strikes unwary prey with venomous fangs.
547,whimsicott,"They appear along with whirlwinds. They pull pranks, such as moving furniture and leaving balls of cotton in homes."
394,prinplup,"It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important."
246,larvitar,"this Pokémon is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this Pokémon must eat its way through the soil above. Until it does so, this Pokémon cannot see its parents."
149,dragonite,An extremely rarely seen marine POKéMON.Its intelligence is said to match that of humans.
281,kirlia,The cheerful spirit of its TRAINER gives it energy for its psychokinetic power. It spins and dances when happy.
9,blastoise,The jets of water it spouts from the rocket cannons on its shell can punch through thick steel.
735,gumshoos,"When it finds a trace of its prey, it patiently stakes out the location...but it’s always snoozing by nightfall."
460,abomasnow,It blankets wide areas in snow by whipping up blizzards. It is also known as “The Ice Monster.”
264,linoone,"It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails."
539,sawk,"Desiring the strongest karate chop, they seclude themselves in mountains and train without sleeping."
725,litten,"Its coat regrows twice a year. When the time comes, this Pokémon sets its own body on fire and burns away the old fur."
104,cubone,"When it thinks of its dead mother, it cries. Its crying makes the skull it wears rattle hollowly."
731,pikipek,"This Pokémon feeds on berries, whose leftover seeds become the ammunition for the attacks it fires off from its mouth."
432,purugly,"To make itself appear intimidatingly beefy, it tightly cinches its waist with its twin tails."
23,ekans,An this Pokémon curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. This position allows it to quickly respond to an enemy from any direction with a threat from its upraised head.
248,tyranitar,"If it rampages, it knocks down mountains and buries rivers. Maps must be redrawn afterward."
84,doduo,The brains in its two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power.
90,shellder,"Clamping on to an opponent reveals its vulnerable parts, so it uses this move only as a last resort."
557,dwebble,"It makes a hole in a suitable rock. If that rock breaks, the Pokémon remains agitated until it locates a replacement."
564,tirtouga,"Based on studies of its skeletal structure, it can apparently dive to ocean depths of over half a mile."
548,petilil,"Some say if you dry the leaves on its head, boil them down, and drink the infusion, your vigor will return, so this Pokémon is popular with the elderly."
446,munchlax,"In its desperation to gulp down food, it forgets about the food it has hidden under its fur."
417,pachirisu,A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity.
554,darumaka,"When it sleeps, it pulls its limbs into its body and its internal fire goes down to 1,100° F."
141,kabutops,It is thought that this Pokémon came onto land because its prey adapted to life on land.
391,monferno,It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance.
450,hippowdon,It is surprisingly quick to anger. It holds its mouth agape as a display of its strength.
130,gyarados,"In ancient literature, there is a record of a this Pokémon that razed a village when violence flared."
376,metagross,It is formed by two METANG fusing. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer.
466,electivire,"The instant it presses the tips of its tails onto an opponent, it sends over 20,000 volts of electricity into the foe."
95,onix,It squirms through the ground using its long and rugged body. It always eats while burrowing.
526,gigalith,"The blasts of energy it makes from sunbeams have terrifying power. However, it’s not able to fire its blasts at night or on rainy days."
721,volcanion,It lets out billows of steam and disappears into the dense fog. It’s said to live in mountains where humans do not tread.
790,cosmoem,"Motionless as if dead, its body is faintly warm to the touch. In the distant past, it was called the cocoon of the stars."
621,druddigon,It runs through the narrow tunnels formed by Excadrill and Onix. It uses its sharp claws to catch prey.
280,ralts,It is highly attuned to the emotions of people and POKéMON. It hides if it senses hostility.
570,zorua,"It changes so it looks just like its foe, tricks it, and then uses that opportunity to flee."
554,darumaka,"this Pokémon’s droppings are hot, so people used to put them in their clothes to keep themselves warm."
493,arceus,"It is said to have emerged from an egg in a place where there was nothing, then shaped the world."
651,quilladin,It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators’ attacks. It counterattacks with its sharp quills.
398,staraptor,It never stops attacking even if it is injured. It fusses over the shape of its comb.
59,arcanine,"this Pokémon is known for its high speed. It is said to be capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within this Pokémon’s body is its source of power."
278,wingull,It soars on updrafts without flapping its wings. It makes a nest on sheer cliffs at the sea’s edge.
476,probopass,"It controls three units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force. With them, it can attack the foe from three directions."
142,aerodactyl,"In ancient times, it ruled the skies. A widely accepted theory is that it went extinct due to a large meteor impact."
529,drilbur,"By spinning its body, it can dig straight through the ground at a speed of 30 mph."
83,farfetchd,"They use a plant stalk as a weapon, but not all of them use it in the same way. Several distinct styles of stalk fighting have been observed."
460,abomasnow,It blankets wide areas in snow by whipping up blizzards. It is also known as “The Ice Monster.”
886,drakloak,"Without a Dreepy to place on its head and care for, it gets so uneasy it’ll try to substitute any Pokémon it finds for the missing Dreepy."
125,electabuzz,Research is progressing on storing lightning in this Pokémon so this energy can be used at any time.
620,mienshao,"Delivered at blinding speeds, kicks from this Pokémon can shatter massive boulders into tiny pieces."
61,poliwhirl,"Under attack, it uses its belly spiral to put the foe to sleep. It then makes its escape."
25,pikachu,"While sleeping, it generates electricity in the sacs in its cheeks. If it’s not getting enough sleep, it will be able to use only weak electricity."
492,shaymin,The blooming of Gracidea flowers confers the power of flight upon it. Feelings of gratitude are the message it delivers.
649,genesect,"Over 300 million years ago, it was feared as the strongest of hunters. It has been modified by Team Plasma."
180,flaaffy,Its fluffy fleece easily stores electricity. Itsrubbery hide keeps it from being electrocuted.
583,vanillish,"They cool down the surrounding air and create ice particles, which they use to freeze their foes."
192,sunflora,It gets energy from warm sunlight and is known for its habit of moving in pursuit of it.
3,venusaur,"After a rainy day, the flower on its back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon."
301,delcatty,"The favorite of trend-conscious female TRAINERS, they are used in competition for their style and fur."
176,togetic,"They say that it will appear before kindhearted, caring people and shower them with happiness."
246,larvitar,"A Pokémon that eats soil. Once it has eaten a large mountain, it goes to sleep so it can grow."
374,beldum,"It converses with others by using magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison."
462,magnezone,"As it zooms through the sky, this Pokémon seems to be receiving signals of unknown origin, while transmitting signals of unknown purpose."
39,jigglypuff,"If it inflates to sing a lullaby, it can perform longer and cause sure drowsiness in its audience."
43,oddish,"Its scientific name is “Oddium Wanderus.” At night, it is said to walk nearly 1,000 feet on its two roots."
733,toucannon,"Known for forming harmonious couples, this Pokémon is brought to wedding ceremonies as a good luck charm."
79,slowpoke,Incredibly slow and sluggish. It is quite content to loll about without worrying about the time.
239,elekid,"When it hears the crash of thunder, this Pokémon’s mood improves. It can be useful to record that sound and play it when this Pokémon’s feeling down."
247,pupitar,A this Pokémon creates a gas inside its body that it ejects under compression to propel itself like a jet. Its body can withstand a collision with solid steel.
397,staravia,"Recognizing their own weakness, they always live in a group. When alone, a this Pokémon cries noisily."
146,moltres,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird POKéMON that can control fire. If injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself."
46,paras,"The mushrooms, known as tochukaso, are controlling the bug. Even if the bug bugs the mushrooms, they tell it to bug off."
889,zamazenta,"This Pokémon slept for aeons while in the form of a statue. It was asleep for so long, people forgot that it ever existed."
677,espurr,"It has enough psychic energy to blast everything within 300 feet of itself, but it has no control over its power."
730,primarina,It controls its water balloons with song. The melody is learned from others of its kind and is passed down from one generation to the next.
339,barboach,"Its slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud."
241,miltank,this Pokémon gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can’t drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.
38,ninetales,"According to an enduring legend, nine noble saints were united and reincarnated as this Pokémon."
464,rhyperior,"It relies on its carapace to deflect incoming attacks and throw its enemy off balance. As soon as that happens, it drives its drill into the foe."
364,sealeo,"It habitually spins things on its nose. By doing so, it learns textures and odors."
349,feebas,"It is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water."
395,empoleon,"If anyone were to hurt its pride, it would slash them with wings that can cleave through an ice floe."
275,shiftry,It lives quietly in the deep forest. It is said to create chilly winter winds with the fans it holds.
290,nincada,"It grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes."
35,clefairy,"Thought to live with others on quiet mountains, it is popular for its adorable nature."
454,toxicroak,The croaking that this Pokémon produces before a battle is for churning the poison it has stored in its poison sac.
96,drowzee,"Puts enemies to sleep, then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating only bad dreams."
349,feebas,"Although unattractive and unpopular, this Pokémon’s marvelous vitality has made it a subject of research."
23,ekans,this Pokémon curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. Assuming this position allows it toquickly respond to a threat from any direction with a glare from its upraised head.
43,oddish,It often plants its root feet in the ground during the day and sows seeds as it walks about at night.
107,hitmonchan,this Pokémon is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working toward a world championship. This Pokémon has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity.
18,pidgeot,It spreads its beautiful wings wide to frightenits enemies. It can fly at Mach 2 speed.
398,staraptor,The muscles in its wings and legs are strong. It can easily fly while gripping a small Pokémon.
388,grotle,"It lives along water in forests. In the daytime, it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell."
103,exeggutor,"Originally from the tropics, this Pokémon’s heads grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. It is said that when the heads fall, they group to form an EXEGGCUTE."
172,pichu,"Despite this Pokémon’s cute appearance, those who want to live with one should prepare to be on the receiving end of its electric jolts."
587,emolga,They live on treetops and glide using the inside of a cape-like membrane while discharging electricity.
258,mudkip,"On land, it can powerfully lift large boulders by planting its four feet and heaving. It sleeps by burying itself in soil at the water’s edge."
111,rhyhorn,It is inept at turning because of its four shortlegs. It can only charge and run in one direction.
270,lotad,Its leaf grew too large for it to live on land. That is how it began to live floating in the water.
124,jynx,"Its cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say."
242,blissey,The eggs it lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone.
248,tyranitar,"Its body can’t be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies."
770,palossand,"Possessed people controlled by this Pokémon transformed its sand mound into a castle. As it evolved, its power to curse grew ever stronger."
46,paras,Burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrooms on itsback grow by draw­ ing nutrients from the bug host.
109,koffing,"Lighter-than-air gases in its body keep it aloft. The gases not only smell, they are also explosive."
38,ninetales,Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one ofits many tails could result in a 1000-year curse.
165,ledyba,"It is so timid, it can’t move if it isn’t with a swarm of others. It conveys its feelings with scent."
552,krokorok,"They move in groups of a few individuals. A female is often the leader of the group, and the males will gather food."
464,rhyperior,It can launch a rock held in its hand like a missile by tightening then expanding muscles instantly.
403,shinx,All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded.
204,pineco,"this Pokémon hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the POKéMON is disturbed whileeating by someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and explodes with no warning."
451,skorupi,It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes.
641,tornadus,"In every direction it flies, creating winds so powerful, they blow everything away."
156,quilava,This POKéMON is fully covered by nonflammable fur. It can withstand any kind of fire attack.
105,marowak,The bone it holds is its key weapon. It throws thebone skillfully like a boomerang to KO targets.
701,hawlucha,"It overwhelms opponents with quick moves, but sometimes it showboats for too long when it’s using a special move and gets itself into a pinch."
251,celebi,"Revered as a guardian of the forest, this Pokémonappears wherever beautiful forests exist."
45,vileplume,"Its petals are the largest in the world. As it walks, it scatters extremely allergenic pollen."
273,seedot,"When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon."
226,mantine,"Swimming freely in open seas, it may fly out of the water and over the waves if it builds up enough speed. "
549,lilligant,The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect. It withers if a Trainer does not take good care of it.
605,elgyem,It controls tremendous psychic power. Most reports of alien sightings are actually just people mistaking this Pokémon for an alien.
193,yanma,It can hover in one spot by flapping its wings at high speed. It flits about to guard its territory.
184,azumarill,"By keeping still and listening intently, it can tell what is in even wild, fast-moving rivers."
385,jirachi,It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
416,vespiquen,Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by COMBEE.
61,poliwhirl,"The surface of this Pokémon’s body is always wet and slick with a slimy fluid. Because of this slippery covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle."
389,torterra,"Ancient people imagined that beneath the ground, a gigantic this Pokémon dwelled."
180,flaaffy,"Not even downy wool will grow on its rubbery, nonconductive patches of skin that prevent electrical shock."
320,wailmer,"On sunny days, it lands on beaches to bounce like a ball and play. It spouts water from its nose."
174,igglybuff,"Its soft and pliable body is very bouncy. When it sings continuously with all its might, its body steadily turns a deepening pink color."
233,porygon2,"Further research enhanced its abilities. Sometimes, it may exhibit motions that were not programmed."
340,whiscash,"Mysteriously, it can foretell earthquakes. In the daytime, it sleeps in mud at the bottom of a pond. When it awakens, it continually feeds throughout the night."
314,illumise,"With its sweet aroma, it guides VOLBEAT to draw signs with light in the night sky."
80,slowbro,"this Pokémon’s tail has a SHELLDER firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can’t be used for fishing anymore.This causes this Pokémon to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead."
692,clauncher,They knock down flying prey by firing compressed water from their massive claws like shooting a pistol.
123,scyther,"this Pokémon is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms. This Pokémon’s scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke."
261,poochyena,"At first sight, this Pokémon takes a bite at anything that moves. This POKéMON chases after prey untilthe victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back."
507,herdier,"This very loyal Pokémon helps Trainers, and it also takes care of other Pokémon."
44,gloom,Its pistils exude an incredibly foul odor. The horrid stench can cause fainting at a distance of 1.25 miles.
638,cobalion,It has a body and heart of steel. Its glare is sufficient to make even an unruly Pokémon obey it.
149,dragonite,It is said that this POKéMON con­ stantly flies overthe immense seas and rescues drown­ ing people.
72,tentacool,Its body is 99% water. The remaining 1% contains the organ that makes its poison.
247,pupitar,"Even sealed in its shell, it can move freely. Hard and fast, it has outstanding destructive power."
464,rhyperior,It can load up to three projectiles per arm into the holes in its hands. What launches out of those holes could be either rocks or Roggenrola.
405,luxray,this Pokémon’s ability to see through objects comes in handy when it’s scouting for danger.
773,silvally,"This is its form once it has awakened and evolved. Freed from its heavy mask, its speed is greatly increased."
748,toxapex,"With its 12 legs, it creates a dome to shelter within. The flow of the tides doesn’t affect this Pokémon in there, so it’s very comfortable."
619,mienfoo,"It takes pride in the speed at which it can use moves. What it loses in power, it makes up for in quantity."
252,treecko,It quickly scales even vertical walls. It senses humidity with its tail to predict the next day’s weather.
405,luxray,"Seeing through solid objects uses up a lot of this Pokémon’s electricity, so the Pokémon sleeps for long periods of time to store up energy."
566,archen,It is the ancestor of all bird Pokémon. this Pokémon itself could not actually fly but moved by hopping from treetop to treetop.
459,snover,"During cold seasons, it migrates to the mountain’s lower reaches. It returns to the snow-covered summit in the spring."
336,seviper,Constant polishing makes the edge of the blade on its tail extremely sharp. It’s Zangoose’s archrival.
266,silcoon,It anchors itself by wrapping twigs with the silk from its body. It motionlessly awaits evolution.
34,nidoking,"Its tail is thick and powerful. If it binds an enemy, it can render the victim helpless quite easily."
215,sneasel,"Vicious in nature, it drives PIDGEY from their nestsand feasts on the eggs that are left behind."
168,ariados,this Pokémon’s feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls.This POKéMON constricts the foe with thin and strong silk webbing.
6,charizard,Spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders.Known to cause forest fires unintentionally.
626,bouffalant,"Their fluffy fur absorbs damage, even if they strike foes with a fierce headbutt."
352,kecleon,A POKéMON that has the ability to alter its body colors to match its surroundings. A this Pokémon reverts to its original colors if it is startled.
254,sceptile,The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
237,hitmontop,"If you are enchanted by its smooth, dance-like kicks, you may get a closer experience with one than you’d like."
182,bellossom,"When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open."
507,herdier,"This Pokémon obeys its master’s orders faithfully. However, it refuses to listen to anything said by a person it doesn’t respect."
415,combee,"This Pokémon is a set of three. When they sleep, they gather up and form a giant hive of 100 this Pokémon."
148,dragonair,A mystical Pokémon that exudes a gentle aura. It is said to have the ability to change the weather.
702,dedenne,"Its whiskers serve as antennas. By sending and receiving electrical waves, it can communicate with others over vast distances."
15,beedrill,"It uses sharp, poisonous stings to defeat prey,then takes the victim back to its nest for food."
319,sharpedo,"Nicknamed “the bully of the sea,” this Pokémon is widely feared. Its cruel fangs grow back immediately if they snap off. Just one of these Pokémon can thoroughly tear apart a supertanker."
366,clamperl,A this Pokémon slams its shell closed on prey to prevent escape. The pearl it creates upon evolution is said to be infused with a mysterious energy.
543,venipede,"Its bite injects a potent poison, enough to paralyze large bird Pokémon that try to prey on it."
450,hippowdon,It blasts internally stored sand from ports on its body to create a towering twister for attack.
459,snover,"Seemingly curious about people, they gather around footsteps they find on snowy mountains."
573,cinccino,"this Pokémon’s body is coated in a special oil that helps it deflect attacks, such as punches."
449,hippopotas,It shuts its nostrils tight then travels through sand as if walking. They form colonies of around ten.
363,spheal,"this Pokémon always travels by rolling around on its ball-like body. When the season for ice floes arrives, thisPOKéMON can be seen rolling about on ice and crossing the sea."
320,wailmer,"It bounces playfully like a ball. The more seawater it swallows, the higher it bounces."
476,probopass,It exudes strong magnetism from all over. It controls three small units called Mini-Noses.
526,gigalith,The solar rays it absorbs are processed in its energy core and fired as a ball of light.
490,manaphy,It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond with any kind of Pokémon.
525,boldore,"It explores caves in search of underground water. It’s not comfortable around water, so this Pokémon takes great care in lapping it up."
147,dratini,This Pokémon is full of life energy. It continually sheds its skin and grows steadily larger.
182,bellossom,"When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open."
1,bulbasaur,"For some time after its birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back."
163,hoothoot,"this Pokémon has an internal organ that senses and tracks the earth’s rotation. Using this special organ, this POKéMONbegins hooting at precisely the same time every day."
41,zubat,"It has no eyes. Instead, it relies on its ultrasonic cries for echo location to flit about in darkness."
422,shellos,"Subjecting this Pokémon to a strong force causes it to secrete a strange purple fluid. Though harmless, the fluid is awfully sticky."
456,finneon,"Its double tail fins propel its energetic jumps. When it breaks the surface of the sea, Wingull swoop down to grab it on the fly."
97,hypno,"When it locks eyes with an enemy, it will use a mix ofPSI moves such as this PokémonSIS and CONFUSION."
234,stantler,Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
224,octillery,It lives in the gaps of boulders and in holes on the seafloor. Its suction cups grip prey tightly.
367,huntail,It lives deep in the sea where no light ever filters down. It lights up its small fishlike tail to attract prey.
101,electrode,It stores an overflowing amount of electric energy inside its body. Even a small shock makes it explode.
363,spheal,"As it drifts among the waves, this Pokémon probes the sea. As soon as it spots prey, it informs the Walrein in its herd."
480,uxie,"According to some sources, this Pokémon provided people with the intelligence necessary to solve various problems."
264,linoone,"When running in a straight line, it can easily top 60 miles an hour. It has a tough time with curved roads."
489,phione,"When the water warms, they inflate the flotation sac on their heads and drift languidly on the sea in packs."
258,mudkip,"To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders."
523,zebstrika,"They have lightning-like movements. When this Pokémon run at full speed, the sound of thunder reverberates."
565,carracosta,It constructed its sturdy shell by crunching and swallowing the hard shells or bones of its prey.
353,shuppet,This POKéMON roams about deep in the night seeking such negative emotions as grudges and envy. It retreats to its nest when the sun begins to rise.
50,diglett,"A Pokémon that lives underground. Because of its dark habitat, it is repelled by bright sunlight."
772,type-null,"Due to the danger that this synthetic Pokémon may go on a rampage, it wears a control mask to restrain its power."
97,hypno,"Seeing its swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up."
361,snorunt,"It’s said that if they are seen at midnight, they’ll cause heavy snow. They eat snow and ice to survive."
634,zweilous,"After it has eaten up all the food in its territory, it moves to another area. Its two heads do not get along."
594,alomomola,"Fishermen take them along on long voyages, because if you have an this Pokémon with you, there’ll be no need for a doctor or medicine."
503,samurott,"In the time it takes a foe to blink, it can draw and sheathe the seamitars attached to its front legs."
270,lotad,It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can’t swim.
126,magmar,Its body always burns with an orange glow thatenables it to hide perfectly among flames.
94,gengar,"Under a full moon, this POKéMON likes to mimicthe shadows of people and laugh at their fright."
401,kricketot,"Its legs are short. Whenever it stumbles, its stiff antennae clack with a xylophone-like sound."
17,pidgeotto,This POKéMON is full of vitality. It constantlyflies around its large territory in search of prey.
357,tropius,The bunch of fruit around its neck ripens twice a year and is delicious. It’s a highly favored tropical snack.
318,carvanha,"If anything invades this Pokémon’s territory, it will swarm and tear at the intruder with its pointed fangs. On its own, however, this Pokémon turns suddenly timid."
47,parasect,"The larger the mushroom on its back grows, the stronger the mushroom spores it scatters."
125,electabuzz,Research is progressing on storing lightning in this Pokémon so this energy can be used at any time.
802,marshadow,"It lurks in the shadows of others, copying their movements and powers. This Pokémon is craven and cowering."
48,venonat,"Its big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light."
359,absol,"Every time this Pokémon appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave.As a result, it came to be known as the disaster POKéMON."
35,clefairy,"Its adorable behavior and appearance make it popular with men and women, young and old. Its numbers are few, however."
297,hariyama,It stomps on the ground to build power. It can send a 10-ton truck flying with a straight-arm punch.
120,staryu,"Even if its body is torn, it can regenerate as long as the glowing central core remains intact."
138,omanyte,This POKéMON from ancient times is said to have navi­gated the sea by adeptly twisting its 10 tentacles.
402,kricketune,There is a village that hosts a contest based on the amazingly variable cries of this Pokémon.
57,primeape,"It grows angry if you see its eyes and gets angrier if you run. If you beat it, it gets even madder."
107,hitmonchan,The arm-twisting punches it throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting.
381,latios,this Pokémon will only open its heart to a Trainer with a compassionate spirit. This Pokémon can fly faster than a jet plane by folding its forelegs to minimize air resistance.
695,heliolisk,"It stimulates its muscles with electricity, boosting the strength in its legs and enabling it to run 100 yards in five seconds."
18,pidgeot,"When hunting, it skims the surface of water at high speed to pick off unwary prey such as MAGIKARP."
109,koffing,"Lighter-than-air gases in its body keep it aloft. The gases not only smell, they are also explosive."
129,magikarp,this Pokémon is a pathetic excuse for a POKéMON that is only capable of flopping and splashing.This behavior prompted scientists to undertake research into it.
464,rhyperior,"From holes in its palms, it fires out Geodude. Its carapace can withstand volcanic eruptions."
576,gothitelle,They can predict the future from the placement and movement of the stars. They can see Trainers’ life spans.
180,flaaffy,this Pokémon’s wool quality changes so that it can generate a high amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.
301,delcatty,It dislikes dirty places. It often searches for a comfortable place in which to groom itself.
511,pansage,It’s good at finding berries and gathers them from all over. It’s kind enough to share them with friends.
202,wobbuffet,"It hates light and shock. If attack­ ed, it inflatesits body to pump up its counter­ strike."
748,toxapex,"Those attacked by this Pokémon’s poison will suffer intense pain for three days and three nights. Post-recovery, there will be some aftereffects."
315,roselia,"On extremely rare occasions, a this Pokémon is said to appear with its flowers in unusual colors. The thorns on this Pokémon’s head contain a vicious poison."
25,pikachu,This Pokémon has electricity-storing pouches on its cheeks. These appear to become electrically charged during the night while this Pokémon sleeps. It occasionally discharges electricity when it is dozy after waking up.
176,togetic,"To share its happiness, it flies around the world seeking kind- hearted people."
609,chandelure,The spirits burned up in its ominous flame lose their way and wander this world forever.
111,rhyhorn,It is inept at turning because of its four short legs. It can only charge and run in one direction.
315,roselia,this Pokémon that drink nutritionally rich springwater are said to reveal rare coloration when they bloom.
450,hippowdon,It brandishes its gaping mouth in a display of fearsome strength. It raises vast quantities of sand while attacking.
380,latias,It can telepathically communicate with people. It changes its appearance using its down that refracts light.
746,wishiwashi,"When it’s in trouble, its eyes moisten and begin to shine. The shining light attracts its comrades, and they stand together against their enemies."
625,bisharp,This pitiless Pokémon commands a group of Pawniard to hound prey into immobility. It then moves in to finish the prey off.
169,crobat,"As a result of its pursuit of faster, yet more silentflight, a new set of wings grew on its hind legs."
148,dragonair,"This Pokémon lives in pristine oceans and lakes. It can control the weather, and it uses this power to fly into the sky, riding on the wind."
635,hydreigon,"It responds to movement by attacking. This scary, three-headed Pokémon devours everything in its path!"
35,clefairy,"With its magical and cute appeal, it has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas."
661,fletchling,"Despite the beauty of its lilting voice, it’s merciless to intruders that enter its territory."
833,chewtle,Apparently the itch of its teething impels it to snap its jaws at anything in front of it.
294,loudred,"It shouts loudly by inhaling air, and then uses its well-developed stomach muscles to exhale."
225,delibird,It nests at the edge of sharp cliffs. It spends all day carrying food to its awaiting chicks.
537,seismitoad,"By putting power into its bumps, it creates vibrations and increases the power of its punches."
218,slugma,"Its body is made of magma. If it doesn’t keep moving, its body will cool and harden."
455,carnivine,"It attracts prey with its sweet- smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey."
182,bellossom,"A this Pokémon grows flowers more beautifully if it has evolved from a smelly GLOOM - the stinkier the better.At night, this POKéMON closes its petals and goes to sleep."
41,zubat,"It emits ultrasonic waves from its mouth to check its surroundings. Even in tight caves, this Pokémon flies around with skill."
393,piplup,"Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold."
630,mandibuzz,"They adorn themselves with bones. There seem to be fashion trends among them, as different bones come into and fall out of popularity."
284,masquerain,It flaps its four wings to hover and fly freely in any direction--to and fro and sideways.
248,tyranitar,"Extremely strong, it can change the landscape. It has an insolent nature that makes it not care about others."
412,burmy,"Even if it is born where there are no cocooning materials, it somehow always ends up with a cloak."
366,clamperl,It makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power.
324,torkoal,"this Pokémon digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns it. If it is attacked, this Pokémon spouts thick black smoke to beat a retreat."
382,kyogre,"Through Primal Reversion and with nature’s full power, it will take back its true form. It can summon storms that cause the sea levels to rise."
427,buneary,"Its arms and legs are weak, but when it rolls its ears up tight and then unleashes them with its full force, it can smash boulders to dust."
267,beautifly,"Despite its looks, it is aggressive. It jabs with its long, thin mouth if disturbed while collecting pollen."
149,dragonite,"It is said that this Pokémon lives somewhere in the sea and that it flies. However, these are only rumors."
31,nidoqueen,It pacifies offspring by placing them in the gaps between the spines on its back. The spines will never secrete poison while young are present.
474,porygon-z,Its programming was modified to enable work in alien dimensions. It did not work as planned.
67,machoke,"Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a powersave belt to be able to regulate its motions."
204,pineco,It looks just like a this Pokémonne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
236,tyrogue,"this Pokémon becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every day. When raising this Pokémon, the Trainer must establish and uphold various training methods."
226,mantine,Many people have taken up surfing because they admire how magnificently this Pokémon swims.
288,vigoroth,Its stress level rises if it cannot keep moving constantly. Too much stress makes it feel sick.
362,glalie,"this Pokémon has a body made of rock, which it hardens with an armor of ice. This POKéMON has the ability to freezemoisture in the atmosphere into any shape it desires."
110,weezing,"this Pokémon alternately shrinks and inflates its twin bodies to mix together toxic gases inside.The more the gases are mixed, the more powerful the toxins become. The POKéMON also becomes more putrid."
238,smoochum,"It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes."
241,miltank,It gives over five gallons of milk daily. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can’t drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.
276,taillow,It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
645,landorus,"From the forces of lightning and wind, it creates energy to give nutrients to the soil and make the land abundant."
375,metang,"It floats midair using magnetism. Its body is so tough, even a crash with a jet plane won’t leave a scratch."
282,gardevoir,"To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole."
757,salandit,"It burns its bodily fluids to create a poisonous gas. When its enemies become disoriented from inhaling the gas, it attacks them."
579,reuniclus,"While it could use its psychic abilities in battle, this Pokémon prefers to swing its powerful arms around to beat opponents into submission."
43,oddish,"this Pokémon searches for fertile, nutrient- rich soil, then plants itself. During the daytime, while it is planted,this POKéMON’s feet are thought to change shape and become similar to the roots of trees."
77,ponyta,Capable of jumping incredibly high. Its hooves and sturdy legs absorb the impact of a hard landing.
93,haunter,"Because of its ability to slip through blockwalls, it is said to be from an­ other dimension."
331,cacnea,It lives in arid locations. Its yellow flowers bloom once a year.
154,meganium,The aroma that rises from its petals contains a substance that calms aggressive feelings.
367,huntail,"It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey."
42,golbat,"It attacks in a stealthy manner, without warning. Its sharp fangs are used to bite and to suck blood."
366,clamperl,It makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power.
257,blaziken,"In battle, this Pokémon blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously.The stronger the foe, the more intensely this POKéMON’s wrists burn."
179,mareep,Its fluffy coat swells to double when static electricity builds up. Touching it can be shocking.
458,mantyke,The pattern on its back varies by region. It often swims in a school of Remoraid.
143,snorlax,"This Pokémon’s stomach is so strong, even eating moldy or rotten food will not affect it."
37,vulpix,"As each tail grows, its fur becomes more lustrous. When held, it feels slightly warm."
225,delibird,It carries food rolled up in its tail. It has the habit of sharing food with people lost in mountains.
477,dusknoir,It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
10,caterpie,"If you touch the feeler on top of its head, it will release a horrible stink to protect itself."
368,gorebyss,"Although this Pokémon is the very picture of elegance and beauty while swimming, it is also cruel. When it spots prey, thisPOKéMON inserts its thin mouth into the prey’s body and drains the prey of its body fluids."
380,latias,It can telepathically communicate with people. It changes its appearance using its down that refracts light.
34,nidoking,"It is recognized by its rock-hard hide and its extended horn. Be careful with the horn, as it contains venom."
448,lucario,"this Pokémon reads its opponent’s feelings with its aura waves. It finds out things it would rather not know, so it gets stressed out easily."
133,eevee,It has the ability to alter the com­ position of itsbody to suit its surrounding envi­ ronment.
66,machop,"Always brimming with power, it passes time bylifting boulders. Doing so makes it even stronger."
553,krookodile,"Very violent Pokémon, they try to clamp down on anything that moves in front of their eyes."
44,gloom,What appears to be drool is actually sweet honey. It is very sticky and clings stubbornly if touched.
22,fearow,Drawings of a Pokémon resembling this Pokémon can be seen in murals from deep in ancient history.
559,scraggy,It immediately headbutts anyone that makes eye contact with it. Its skull is massively thick.
59,arcanine,"The sight of it running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night has captivated many people."
48,venonat,Its eyes also function as radar units. It catches and eats small bugs that hide in darkness.
74,geodude,"Commonly found near mountain trails and the like. If you step on one by accident, it gets angry."
397,staravia,"They maintain huge flocks, although fierce scuffles break out between various flocks."
403,shinx,The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. It glows when in trouble.
120,staryu,"If you visit a beach at the end of summer, you’ll be able to see groups of this Pokémon lighting up in a steady rhythm."
447,riolu,It has the peculiar power of being able to see emotions such as joy and rage in the form of waves.
439,mime-jr,It mimics the expressions and motions of those it sees to understand the feelings of others.
219,magcargo,"Its body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees F. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell."
877,morpeko,"It carries electrically roasted seeds with it as if they’re precious treasures. No matter how much it eats, it always gets hungry again in short order."
216,teddiursa,It lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique.
107,hitmonchan,this Pokémon is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working toward a world championship. This Pokémon has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity.
108,lickitung,"Whenever it sees something unfamiliar, it always licks the object because it memorizes things by texture and taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things."
379,registeel,Its body is said to be harder than any kind of metal. A study has revealed that its body is hollow.
218,slugma,"Molten magma courses throughout this Pokémon’s circulatory system. If this Pokémon is chilled, the magma cools and hardens. Its body turns brittle and chunks fall off, reducing its size."
259,marshtomp,"Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep."
21,spearow,Eats bugs in grassy areas. It has to flap its short wings at high speed to stay airborne.
447,riolu,"It’s tough enough to run right through the night, and it’s also a hard worker, but it’s still just a youngster."
241,miltank,"It produces over five gallons of milk a day. The higher the quality of the pastures it lives in, the richer and tastier its milk becomes."
264,linoone,"It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails."
596,galvantula,It launches electrified fur from its abdomen as its means of attack. Opponents hit by the fur could be in for three full days and nights of paralysis.
226,mantine,"On sunny days, schools of this Pokémon can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea’s waves.This POKéMON is not bothered by the REMORAID that hitches rides."
378,regice,"It is said to have slept in a glacier for thousands of years. Its body can’t be melted, even by magma."
621,druddigon,"It races through narrow caves, using its sharp claws to catch prey. The skin on its face is harder than a rock."
480,uxie,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the ability to solve problems. It was the birth of knowledge."
210,granbull,"It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs."
202,wobbuffet,"this Pokémon does nothing but endure attacks—it won’t attack on its own. However, it won’t endure an attack on its tail. When that happens, the Pokémon will try to take the foe with it using Destiny Bond."
425,drifloon,"A Pokémon formed by the spirits of people and Pokémon. It loves damp, humid seasons."
465,tangrowth,It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines. Losing arms to predators does not trouble it.
10,caterpie,It releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly.
23,ekans,"It flutters the tip of its tongue to seek out thescent of prey, then swallows the prey whole."
104,cubone,"When it thinks of its dead mother, it cries. Its crying makes the skull it wears rattle hollowly."
117,seadra,Its body bristles with sharp spikes. Carelessly trying to touch it could cause fainting from the spikes.
232,donphan,It attacks by curling up then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit.
678,meowstic,The eyeball patterns on the interior of its ears emit psychic energy. It keeps the patterns tightly covered because that power is too immense.
261,poochyena,"A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted."
767,wimpod,"It’s nature’s cleaner—it eats anything and everything, including garbage and rotten things. The ground near its nest is always clean."
195,quagsire,It has an easygoing nature. It doesn’t care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming.
428,lopunny,"Extremely cautious, it quickly bounds off when it senses danger."
146,moltres,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird POKéMON that has the ability to control fire. If this POKéMON is injured, it is said todip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself."
637,volcarona,"A sea of fire engulfs the surroundings of their battles, since they use their six wings to scatter their ember scales."
72,tentacool,"When the tide goes out, dehydrated this Pokémon remainscan be found washed up on the shore."
319,sharpedo,This Pokémon is known as the Bully of the Sea. Any ship entering the waters this Pokémon calls home will be attacked—no exceptions.
428,lopunny,It sheds its fur twice a year. Its winter fur is soft and fluffy.
709,trevenant,"Using its roots as a nervous system, it controls the trees in the forest. It’s kind to the Pokémon that reside in its body."
109,koffing,"Because it stores several kinds of toxic gases inits body, it is prone to exploding without warning."
128,tauros,"Historically, people in areas all over the world have ridden this Pokémon, but the practice is said to have started in Alola."
324,torkoal,"this Pokémon generates energy by burning coal. It grows weaker as the fire dies down. When it is preparing for battle, this Pokémon burns more coal."
568,trubbish,Inhaling the gas they belch will make you sleep for a week. They prefer unsanitary places.
77,ponyta,"As a newborn, it can barely stand. However, through galloping, its legs are made tougher and faster."
155,cyndaquil,"It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously."
1,bulbasaur,"For some time after its birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back."
797,celesteela,"One of the dangerous UBs, high energy readings can be detected coming from both of its huge arms."
53,persian,"Although its fur has many admirers, it is tough toraise as a pet because of its fickle meanness."
80,slowbro,"Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the SHELLDER on its tail bites down."
157,typhlosion,"If its rage peaks, it becomes so hot that anything that touches it will instantly go up in flames."
492,shaymin,It can dissolve toxins in the air to instantly transform ruined land into a lush field of flowers.
446,munchlax,"It needs to consume its own weight in food every day. As far as flavor is concerned, it’s indifferent."
14,kakuna,"Almost incapable of moving, this POKéMON can onlyharden its shell to protect itself from predators."
560,scrafty,"While mostly known for having the temperament of an aggressive ruffian, this Pokémon takes very good care of its family, friends, and territory."
234,stantler,Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
19,rattata,"Its fangs are long and very sharp. They grow continuously, so it gnaws on hard things to whittle them down."
362,glalie,Its actual body is a rock that isn’t particularly hard. this Pokémon absorbs moisture from the air and drapes itself in an armor of ice.
779,bruxish,"When it unleashes its psychic power from the protuberance on its head, the grating sound of grinding teeth echoes through the area."
252,treecko,"The soles of its feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings."
435,skuntank,It attacks by spraying a horribly smelly fluid from the tip of its tail. Attacks from above confound it.
121,starmie,"At the center of its body is a red core, which sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky."
482,azelf,This Pokémon is said to have endowed humans with the determination needed to face any of life’s difficulties.
304,aron,"This POKéMON has a body of steel. To make its body, this Pokémon feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains.Occasionally, it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails."
100,voltorb,"Usually found in power plants. Easily mistaken for a POKé BALL, it has zapped many people."
550,basculin,"Red and blue this Pokémon get along so poorly, they’ll start fighting instantly. These Pokémon are very hostile."
19,rattata,"With their strong capacity for survival, they can live in dirty places without concern. Left unchecked, their numbers multiply rapidly."
125,electabuzz,"Electricity runs across the surface of its body. In darkness, its entire body glows a whitish blue."
161,sentret,"When acting as a lookout, it warns others of danger by screeching and hitting the ground with its tail."
377,regirock,"this Pokémon’s body is composed entirely of rocks. Recently, a study made the startling discovery that the rocks were all unearthed from different locations."
48,venonat,"Its big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light."
412,burmy,"Even if it is born where there are no cocooning materials, it somehow always ends up with a cloak."
487,giratina,A Pokémon that is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours. It appears in an ancient cemetery.
387,turtwig,"It undertakes photosynthesis with its body, making oxygen. The leaf on its head wilts if it is thirsty."
448,lucario,"It controls waves known as auras, which are powerful enough to pulverize huge rocks. It uses these waves to take down its prey."
805,stakataka,"When stone walls started moving and attacking, the brute’s true identity was this mysterious life-form, which brings to mind an Ultra Beast."
199,slowking,"It has incredible intellect and in­ tuition. Whateverthe situation, it remains calm and collected."
378,regice,"this Pokémon cloaks itself with frigid air of negative 328 degrees F. Things will freeze solid just by goingnear this POKéMON. Its icy body is so cold, it will not melt even if it is immersed in magma."
238,smoochum,"It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes."
160,feraligatr,"It usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey."
59,arcanine,A POKéMON that has been admired since the pastfor its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.
775,komala,"It is born asleep, and it dies asleep. All its movements are apparently no more than the results of it tossing and turning in its dreams."
34,nidoking,"this Pokémon’s thick tail packs enormously destructive power. With one swing, it can topple a metal transmission tower.Once this POKéMON goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it."
242,blissey,The eggs it lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone.
117,seadra,"this Pokémon generates whirlpools by spinning its body. The whirlpools are strong enough to swallow even fishing boats.This POKéMON weakens prey with these currents, then swallows it whole."
384,rayquaza,It has lived for hundreds of millions of years in the ozone layer. Its flying form looks like a meteor.
693,clawitzer,Their enormous claws launch cannonballs of water powerful enough to pierce tanker hulls.
338,solrock,"It absorbs solar energy during the day. Always expressionless, it can sense what its foe is thinking."
70,weepinbell,A Pokémon that appears to be a plant. It captures unwary prey by dousing them with a toxic powder.
770,palossand,"Once it has whipped up a sandstorm to halt its opponents in their tracks, this terrifying Pokémon snatches away their vitality."
424,ambipom,"To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. It rarely uses its arms now."
6,charizard,It is said that this Pokémon’s fire burns hotter if it has experienced harsh battles.
258,mudkip,"To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders."
361,snorunt,"It’s said that if they are seen at midnight, they’ll cause heavy snow. They eat snow and ice to survive."
13,weedle,It attacks using a two-inch poison barb on its head.It can usually be found under the leaves it eats.
217,ursaring,"In the forests inhabited by this Pokémon, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where they gather food. This Pokémon walks through its forest gathering food every day."
224,octillery,It has a tendency to want to be in holes. It prefers rock crags or pots and sprays ink from them before attacking.
354,banette,An abandoned plush doll became this POKéMON. They are said to live in garbage dumps and wander about in search of the children that threw them away.
486,regigigas,"It is said to have made Pokémon that look like itself from a special ice mountain, rocks, and magma."
881,arctozolt,This Pokémon lived on prehistoric seashores and was able to preserve food with the ice on its body. It went extinct because it moved so slowly.
99,kingler,"The large pincer has 10000 hp of crushing power.However, its huge size makes it unwieldy to use."
333,swablu,Its wings bring cottony clouds to mind. It grooms with springwater and loves to sit on heads.
157,typhlosion,It attacks using blasts of fire. It creates heat shimmers with intense fire to hide itself.
24,arbok,The pattern on its belly appears to be a frightening face. Weak foes will flee just at the sight of the pattern.
261,poochyena,"A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted."
425,drifloon,These Pokémon are called the “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.” Children holding them sometimes vanish.
124,jynx,It seductively wiggles its hips as it walks. Itcan cause people to dance in unison with it.
307,meditite,"It eats just one berry a day. By enduring hunger, its spirit is tempered and made sharper."
11,metapod,The shell covering this Pokémon’s body is as hard as an iron slab. this Pokémon does not move very much. It stays still because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the hard shell.
446,munchlax,"In its desperation to gulp down food, it forgets about the food it has hidden under its fur."
164,noctowl,Its eyes are special. They can pick out objects as long as there is the tiniest amount of light.
80,slowbro,"Naturally dull to begin with, it lost its abilityto feel pain due to SHELLDER's seeping poison."
65,alakazam,"this Pokémon’s brain continually grows, infinitely multiplying brain cells. This amazing brain gives this Pokémon an astoundingly high IQ of 5,000. It has a thorough memory of everything that has occurred in the world."
683,aromatisse,"Its scent is so overpowering that, unless a Trainer happens to really enjoy the smell, he or she will have a hard time walking alongside it."
116,horsea,"It maintains balance using its tail, which is wound up like a coil. It may spray ink from its mouth."
353,shuppet,"this Pokémon is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this Pokémon will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person’s home."
123,scyther,"this Pokémon is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms.This POKéMON’s scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke."
559,scraggy,It protects itself with its durable skin. It’s thought that this Pokémon will evolve once its skin has completely stretched out.
44,gloom,"this Pokémon releases a foul fragrance from the pistil of its flower. When faced with danger, the stench worsens.If this POKéMON is feeling calm and secure, it does not release its usual stinky aroma."
54,psyduck,"If its chronic headache peaks, it may exhibit oddpowers. It seems unable to recall such an episode."
691,dragalge,"Their poison is strong enough to eat through the hull of a tanker, and they spit it indiscriminately at anything that enters their territory."
548,petilil,The leaves on its head are very bitter. Eating one of these leaves is known to refresh a tired body.
434,stunky,"It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away."
267,beautifly,"It has an aggressive nature. It stabs prey with its long, narrow mouth to drain the prey’s fluids."
137,porygon,"In recent years, this species has been very helpful in cyberspace. These Pokémon will go around checking to make sure no suspicious data exists."
302,sableye,It dwells in the darkness of caves. It uses its sharp claws to dig up gems to nourish itself.
168,ariados,It spins thread from both its rear and its mouth. Then it wraps its prey up in thread and sips their bodily fluids at its leisure.
273,seedot,"this Pokémon attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this Pokémon’s body becomes."
19,rattata,"Bites anything when it attacks. Small and very quick, it is a common sight in many places."
32,nidoran-m,"Its large ears are always kept upright. If itsenses danger, it will attack with a poisonous sting."
338,solrock,"A new Pokémon species, rumored to be from the sun. It gives off light while spinning."
1,bulbasaur,"For some time after its birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back."
527,woobat,The heart-shaped mark left on a body after a this Pokémon has been attached to it is said to bring good fortune.
858,hatterene,It emits psychic power strong enough to cause headaches as a deterrent to the approach of others.
32,nidoran-m,"The male NIDORAN has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved inany direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this POKéMON’s notice."
8,wartortle,"It is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity."
17,pidgeotto,"this Pokémon claims a large area as its own territory. This POKéMON flies around, patrolling its living space.If its territory is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws."
429,mismagius,Its cries sound like incantations. Those hearing it are tormented by headaches and hallucinations.
82,magneton,Three MAGNEMITE are linked by a strong magnetic force. Earaches will occur if you get too close.
330,flygon,It is nicknamed “The Desert Spirit” because the flapping of its wings sounds like a woman singing.
370,luvdisc,this Pokémon makes its home in coral reefs in warm seas. It especially likes sleeping in the space between Corsola’s branches.
115,kangaskhan,"If it is safe, the young gets out of the belly pouch toplay. The adult keeps a close eye on the youngster."
407,roserade,"Each of its hands contains different toxins, but both hands can jab with near-fatal power."
131,lapras,"These Pokémon were once near extinction due to poaching. Following protective regulations, there is now an overabundance of them."
188,skiploom,"It blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees F. Because its flower’s blooming changes with the temperature, it is sometimes used as a thermometer."
352,kecleon,It changes body color to blend in with its surroundings. It also changes color if it is happy or sad.
20,raticate,"With its long fangs, this surprisingly violent Pokémon can gnaw away even thick concrete with ease."
386,deoxys,this Pokémon emerged from a virus that came from space. It is highly intelligent and wields psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon shoots lasers from the crystalline organ on its chest.
443,gible,"It nests in small, horizontal holes in cave walls. It pounces to catch prey that stray too close."
106,hitmonlee,Its legs can stretch double. First-time foes are startled by its extensible reach.
253,grovyle,It leaps from tree branch to tree branch quite swiftly. It shows astounding agility.
69,bellsprout,Prefers hot and humid places. It ensnares tiny bugs with its vines and devours them.
65,alakazam,"Its brain can outperform a supercomputer. Its IQ (intelligence quotient) is said to be around 5,000."
23,ekans,"Moving silently and stealthily, it eats the eggs of birds, such as PIDGEY and SPEAROW, whole."
218,slugma,"These group to­ gether in areas that are hotterthan normal. If it cools off, its skin hardens."
333,swablu,"For some reason, it likes to land on people’s heads softly and act like it’s a hat."
669,flabebe,It draws out and controls the hidden power of flowers. The flower Flabébé holds is most likely part of its body.
757,salandit,"It weakens opponents and sends them reeling with its poisonous gas. this Pokémon doesn’t deal well with Spinda, since it’s always reeling."
339,barboach,this Pokémon uses its whiskers to taste things just as a person uses his or her tongue to taste things.
714,noibat,"They live in pitch-black caves. Their enormous ears can emit ultrasonic waves of 200,000 hertz."
4,charmander,"From the time it is born, a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if the flame were to go out."
103,exeggutor,It is called “The Walking Tropical Rainforest.” Each of the nuts has a face and a will of its own.
436,bronzor,Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related.
58,growlithe,"A Pokémon with a friendly nature. However, it will bark fiercely at anything invading its territory."
4,charmander,"If it's healthy, the flame on the tip of its tailwill burn vigor­ ously, even if it gets a bit wet."
258,mudkip,"The fin on this Pokémon’s head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this Pokémon can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes."
440,happiny,"this Pokémon’s willing to lend its precious round stone to those it’s friendly with, but if the stone isn’t returned, this Pokémon will cry and throw a tantrum."
107,hitmonchan,The arm-twisting punches it throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting.
32,nidoran-m,"Its large ears are always kept upright. If it senses danger, it will attack with a poisonous sting."
300,skitty,"It can’t stop itself from chasing moving things, and it runs in a circle, chasing its own tail."
245,suicune,this Pokémon embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness.This POKéMON has the power to purify dirty water.
66,machop,"Though small in stature, it is powerful enough to easily heft and throw a number of GEODUDE at once."
477,dusknoir,The antenna on its head captures radio waves from the world of spirits that command it to take people there.
229,houndoom,They spew flames mixed with poison to finish off their opponents. They divvy up their prey evenly among the members of their pack.
1,bulbasaur,A strange seed was planted on its back at birth.The plant sprouts and grows with this POKéMON.
310,manectric,It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
216,teddiursa,It lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique.
362,glalie,"this Pokémon has the ability to freely control ice. For example, it can instantly freeze its prey solid. After immobilizing its prey in ice, this Pokémon enjoys eating it in leisurely fashion."
654,braixen,"It has a twig stuck in its tail. With friction from its tail fur, it sets the twig on fire and launches into battle."
92,gastly,A Pokémon born from poison gases. It defeats even the largest foes by enveloping them in gas.
346,cradily,It ensnares prey with its eight tentacles. It then melts the prey with a strong acid before feeding.
789,cosmog,"Even though its helpless, gaseous body can be blown away by the slightest breeze, it doesn’t seem to care."
105,marowak,The bone it holds is its key weapon. It throws the bone skillfully like a boomerang to KO targets.
483,dialga,It has the power to control time. It appears in Sinnoh-region myths as an ancient deity.
706,goodra,"Underneath its slimy skin is a thick layer of fat, and the combination of the two makes enemies’ attacks slide right off."
453,croagunk,"Fluid squeezed from its finger, albeit poisonous, is a significant ingredient in remedies for lower back pain."
397,staravia,"Recognizing their own weakness, they always live in a group. When alone, a this Pokémon cries noisily."
127,pinsir,"Swings its long antlers wildly to attack. Duringcold periods, it hides deep in forests."
8,wartortle,"It is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity."
28,sandslash,"It is skilled at slashing enemies with its claws.If broken, they start to grow back in a day."
118,goldeen,"this Pokémon is a very beautiful Pokémon with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don’t let your guard down around this Pokémon—it could ram you powerfully with its horn."
598,ferrothorn,"They attach themselves to cave ceilings, firing steel spikes at targets passing beneath them."
69,bellsprout,"Its bud looks like a human face. Because of the bud, it is rumored to be a type of legendary mandrake plant."
352,kecleon,this Pokémon is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception—this Pokémon can’t change the zigzag pattern on its belly.
190,aipom,Its tail is so powerful that it can use it to graba tree branch and hold itself up in the air.
221,piloswine,Its shaggy coat makes it unable to see. It checks surroundings with its sensitive nose instead.
396,starly,"They flock around mountains and fields, chasing after bug Pokémon. Their singing is noisy and annoying."
326,grumpig,It uses black pearls to amplify its psycho-power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes.
545,scolipede,"this Pokémon engage in fierce territorial battles with Centiskorch. At the end of one of these battles, the victor makes a meal of the loser."
584,vanilluxe,"Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and, when angry, cause violent blizzards."
426,drifblim,"It’s drowsy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go."
331,cacnea,"By storing water in its body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water."
139,omastar,"Its sharp beak rings its mouth. Its shell was too big for it to move freely, so it became extinct."
472,gliscor,"It observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. When the chance presents itself, it swoops!"
127,pinsir,"These Pokémon judge one another based on pincers. Thicker, more impressive pincers make for more popularity with the opposite gender."
337,lunatone,"this Pokémon was discovered at a location where a meteoroid fell. As a result, some people theorize that this Pokémon came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far."
21,spearow,"It flaps its small wings busily to fly. Using its beak, it searches in grass for prey."
837,rolycoly,"It can race around like a unicycle, even on rough, rocky terrain. Burning coal sustains it."
887,dragapult,Apparently the Dreepy inside this Pokémon’s horns eagerly look forward to being launched out at Mach speeds.
5,charmeleon,"It has a barbaric nature. In battle, it whips itsfiery tail around and slashes away with sharp claws."
241,miltank,"Its milk is packed with nutrition, making it the ultimate beverage for the sick or weary."
626,bouffalant,These Pokémon can crush a car with no more than a headbutt. this Pokémon with more hair on their heads hold higher positions within the herd.
864,cursola,Be cautious of the ectoplasmic body surrounding its soul. You’ll become stiff as stone if you touch it.
778,mimikyu,"Although it’s a quiet, lonely Pokémon, if you try to look at what’s under its rag, it will become agitated and resist violently."
618,stunfisk,"It conceals itself in the mud of the seashore. Then it waits. When prey touch it, it delivers a jolt of electricity."
343,baltoy,It moves by spinning on its foot. It is a rare Pokémon that was discovered in ancient ruins.
60,poliwag,"Its skin is so thin, its internal organs are visible. It has trouble walking on its newly grown feet."
64,kadabra,"It possesses strong spiritual power. The moredanger it faces, the stronger its psychic power."
524,roggenrola,The hexagonal-shaped hole is its ear. It has a tendency to walk in the direction the sound is coming from.
441,chatot,It mimics the cries of other Pokémon to trick them into thinking it’s one of them. This way they won’t attack it.
109,koffing,"Because it stores several kinds of toxic gases in its body, it is prone to exploding without warning."
19,rattata,"this Pokémon is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around. It is not picky about where it lives—it will make its nest anywhere."
295,exploud,Its roar in battle shakes the ground like a tremor--or like an earthquake has struck.
99,kingler,"Its large and hard pincer has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, being so big, it is unwieldy to move."
149,dragonite,This Pokémon is known as the Sea Incarnate. Figureheads that resemble this Pokémon decorate the bows of many ships.
199,slowking,"It’s called “the sage of the sea.” It engages in battles of wits with Oranguru, but the result is usually a draw."
351,castform,It alters its form depending on the weather. Changes in the climate such as the temperature and humidity appear to affect its cellular structure.
217,ursaring,"Although it is a good climber, it prefers to snaptrees with its forelegs and eat fallen BERRIES."
34,nidoking,One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
228,houndour,"To corner prey, they check each other’s location using barks that only they can understand."
123,scyther,"With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create theillusion that there is more than one."
37,vulpix,"When it is born, it has just one snow- white tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older."
346,cradily,"It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches."
343,baltoy,It moves while spinning around on its single foot. Some this Pokémon have been seen spinning on their heads.
114,tangela,"this Pokémon’s vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day."
124,jynx,"Its cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say."
205,forretress,"It keeps itself inside its steel shell. The shell is opened when it is catching prey, but it is so quick that the shell’s inside cannot be seen."
628,braviary,"The more scars they have, the more respect these brave soldiers of the sky get from their peers."
238,smoochum,"this Pokémon actively runs about, but also falls quite often. Whenever the chance arrives, it will look for its reflection to make sure its face hasn’t become dirty."
179,mareep,Its fluffy coat swells to double when static electricity builds up. Touching it can be shocking.
55,golduck,"When its forehead shines mysteriously, this Pokémon can use the full extent of its power."
122,mr-mime,"A MR. MIME is a master of pantomime. It can convince others that something unseeable actually exists. Once believed, the imaginary object does become real."
775,komala,It remains asleep from birth to death as a result of the sedative properties of the leaves that form its diet.
241,miltank,"In order to milk a this Pokémon, one must have a knack forrhythmically pull­ ing up and down on its udders."
897,spectrier,"As it dashes through the night, this Pokémon absorbs the life-force of sleeping creatures. It craves silence and solitude."
413,wormadam,"When evolving, its body takes in surrounding materials. As a result, there are many body variations."
28,sandslash,"If it digs at an incredible pace, it may snap off its spikes and claws. They grow back in a day."
356,dusclops,"this Pokémon’s body is completely hollow - there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a blackhole. This POKéMON will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out."
103,exeggutor,Each of its heads has its own will. They use telepathy to discuss their plans before coming to a joint decision.
416,vespiquen,Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by Combee.
67,machoke,"It can lift a dump truck with one hand. Using that power, it helps people with heavy jobs."
511,pansage,It shares the leaf on its head with weary-looking Pokémon. These leaves are known to relieve stress.
121,starmie,The center section is named the core. People think it is communicating when it glows in seven colors.
33,nidorino,"It has a violent disposition and stabs foes with its horn, which oozes poison upon impact."
280,ralts,A this Pokémon has the power to sense the emotions of people and POKéMON with the horns on its head. It takes cover if it senses any hostility.
198,murkrow,this Pokémon was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune. This Pokémon shows strong interest in anything that sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women.
58,growlithe,"A POKéMON with a friendly nature. However, it willbark fiercely at anything invading its territory."
140,kabuto,This POKéMON was regenerated from the fossil of an ancient creature. It protects itself with a hard shell.
233,porygon2,"This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed for space exploration. It can’t fly, however."
138,omanyte,"this Pokémon is one of the ancient and long- since-extinct POKéMON that have been regenerated from fossils by people.If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell."
35,clefairy,It flies using the wings on its back to collect moonlight. This Pokémon is difficult to find.
539,sawk,"If you see a this Pokémon training in the mountains in its single-minded pursuit of strength, it’s best to quietly pass by."
534,conkeldurr,"It is thought that this Pokémon taught humans how to make concrete more than 2,000 years ago."
98,krabby,"The pincers break off easily. If it loses a pincer,it somehow becomes incapable of walk­ ing sideways."
127,pinsir,"It grips prey with its pincers until the prey is torn in half. What it can’t tear, it tosses far."
200,misdreavus,It likes playing mischievous tricks such as screamingand wailing to startle people at night.
542,leavanny,It keeps its eggs warm with heat from fermenting leaves. It also uses leaves to make warm wrappings for Sewaddle.
104,cubone,Wears the skull of its deceased mother. Its cries echo inside the skull and come out as a sad melody.
106,hitmonlee,The legs freely contract and stretch. The stretchy legs allow it to hit a distant foe with a rising kick.
508,stoutland,"Intelligent, good-natured, and valiant, it’s a trustworthy partner on rescue teams."
62,poliwrath,"Although an energetic, skilled swimmer that uses all of its muscles, it lives on dry land."
744,rockruff,"When it rubs the rocks on its neck against you, that’s proof of its love for you. However, the rocks are sharp, so the gesture is quite painful!"
38,ninetales,"It is vindictive and relentless by nature. Those who cross it even once will be cursed for a thousand years, along with their descendants."
438,bonsly,"It expels both sweat and tears from its eyes. The sweat is a little salty, while the tears have a slight bitterness."
96,drowzee,It can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams.
360,wynaut,It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
113,chansey,A kindly Pokémon that lays highly nutritious eggs and shares them with injured Pokémon or people.
2,ivysaur,"When the bulb on its back grows large, it appears to lose the ability to stand on its hind legs."
237,hitmontop,It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by ten.
686,inkay,It spins while making its luminescent spots flash. These spots allow it to communicate with others by using different patterns of light.
343,baltoy,It moves by spinning on its foot. It is a rare Pokémon that was discovered in ancient ruins.
113,chansey,The egg this Pokémon carries is not only delicious but also packed with nutrition. It’s used as a high-class cooking ingredient.
388,grotle,"It lives along water in forests. In the daytime, it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell."
544,whirlipede,"Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies."
549,lilligant,Even veteran Trainers face a challenge in getting its beautiful flower to bloom. This Pokémon is popular with celebrities.
457,lumineon,It crawls along the seafloor using its long front fins like legs. It competes for food with LANTURN.
488,cresselia,Those who sleep holding this Pokémon’s feather are assured of joyful dreams. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
299,nosepass,Its magnetic nose always faces north and draws iron objects to its body to protect itself better.
768,golisopod,"With a flashing slash of its giant sharp claws, it cleaves seawater—or even air—right in two."
361,snorunt,It is said that several this Pokémon gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony.
320,wailmer,this Pokémon’s nostrils are located above its eyes. This playful POKéMON loves to startle people by forcefully snortingout seawater it stores inside its body out of its nostrils.
659,bunnelby,It has ears like shovels. Digging holes strengthens its ears so much that they can sever thick roots effortlessly.
457,lumineon,this Pokémon swimming in the darkness of the deep sea look like stars shining in the night sky.
82,magneton,It is actually three MAGNEMITE linked by magnetism. A group can set off a magnetic storm.
174,igglybuff,"Its extremely flexible and elas­ tic body makes itbounce continuous­ ly--anytime, any­ where."
186,politoed,It gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make Poliwag obey.
354,banette,A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge from being junked. It seeks the child that disowned it.
560,scrafty,"This Pokémon may be rude, but it takes very good care of its family, its friends, and its turf."
165,ledyba,this Pokémon secretes an aromatic fluid from where its legs join its body. This fluid is used for communicating with others.This POKéMON conveys its feelings to others by altering the fluid’s scent.
332,cacturne,"During the daytime, this Pokémon remains unmoving so that it does not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun.This POKéMON becomes active at night when the temperature drops."
25,pikachu,"Whenever this Pokémon comes across something new, it blasts it with a jolt of electricity.If you come across a blackened berry, it’s evidence that this POKéMON mistook the intensity of its charge."
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially adapted. They concentrate even faint light and enable it to see in the dark.
280,ralts,It is highly attuned to the emotions of people and Pokémon. It hides if it senses hostility.
80,slowbro,The SHELLDER that is latched onto SLOWPOKE's tailis said to feed on the host's left over scraps.
229,houndoom,"Upon hearing its eerie howls, other POKéMON get the shivers and head straight back to their nests."
614,beartic,They love the cold seas of the north. They create pathways across the ocean waters by freezing their own breath.
154,meganium,Its breath has the fantastic ability to revive dead plants and flowers.
319,sharpedo,this Pokémon can swim at speeds of up to 75 mph by jetting seawater out of its backside. This Pokémon’s drawback is its inability to swim long distances.
93,haunter,It licks with its gaseous tongue to steal the victim’s life force. It lurks in darkness for prey.
360,wynaut,It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
312,minun,"It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks."
361,snorunt,"It can only survive in cold areas. It bounces happily around, even in environments as cold as −150 degrees Fahrenheit."
37,vulpix,"At the time of birth, it has just one tail.The tail splits from its tip as it grows older."
283,surskit,"It secretes a thick, sweet-scented syrup from the tip of its head. It lives on weed-choked ponds."
44,gloom,"The smell from its drool-like syrup and the pollen onits petals is so bad, it may make opponents faint."
667,litleo,"The stronger the opponent it faces, the more heat surges from its mane and the more power flows through its body."
261,poochyena,"A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted."
10,caterpie,"It’s easy to catch, and it grows quickly, making it one of the top recommendations for novice Pokémon Trainers."
175,togepi,"It transforms the kindness and joy of others into happiness, which it stores in its shell."
430,honchkrow,"A single cry from this nocturnal Pokémon, and more than a hundred of its Murkrow cronies will assemble."
376,metagross,"this Pokémon is the result of two Metang achieving fusion. When hunting, this Pokémon pins the prey to the ground under its massive body. It then eats the helpless victim using the large mouth on its stomach."
80,slowbro,Slowpoke became this Pokémon when a Shellder bit on to its tail. Sweet flavors seeping from the tail make the Shellder feel as if its life is a dream.
21,spearow,"this Pokémon has a very loud cry that can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heardechoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger."
50,diglett,"this Pokémon are raised in most farms. The reason is simple - wherever this POKéMON burrows, the soil is leftperfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables."
376,metagross,"A linkage of two Metang, this Pokémon can perform any calculation in a flash by utilizing parallel processing in its four brains."
186,politoed,"It’s the leader of Poliwag and Poliwhirl. When this Pokémon roars, they all cower in fear."
541,swadloon,"It protects itself from the cold by wrapping up in leaves. It stays on the move, eating leaves in forests."
457,lumineon,"To avoid detection by predators, it crawls along the seafloor using the two fins on its chest."
191,sunkern,It is very weak. Its only means of defense is toshake its leaves desperately at its attacker.
35,clefairy,"Its adorable behavior and cry make it highly popular. However, this cute Pokémon is rarely found."
152,chikorita,A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its head. It is docile and loves to soak up sun rays.
598,ferrothorn,"By swinging around its three spiky feelers and shooting spikes, it can obliterate an opponent."
70,weepinbell,"this Pokémon has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the POKéMON hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep.If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground."
40,wigglytuff,"The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, it willsuck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size."
405,luxray,this Pokémon’s ability to see through objects comes in handy when it’s scouting for danger.
698,amaura,"This Pokémon was successfully restored from a fossil. In the past, it lived with others of its kind in cold lands where there were fewer predators."
186,politoed,It gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make Poliwag obey.
425,drifloon,It is whispered that any child who mistakes this Pokémon for a balloon and holds on to it could wind up missing.
11,metapod,"This POKéMON is vulnerable to attack while its shell is soft, exposing its weak and tender body."
395,empoleon,"It avoids unnecessary disputes, but it will decimate anything that threatens its pride."
426,drifblim,"It carries people and Pokémon when it flies. But since it only drifts, it can end up anywhere."
346,cradily,"It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches."
522,blitzle,"When thunderclouds cover the sky, it will appear. It can catch lightning with its mane and store the electricity."
81,magnemite,"The electromagnetic waves emitted by the units at the sides of its head expel antigravity, which allows it to float."
434,stunky,"It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away."
134,vaporeon,"Its cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can melt away into water."
681,aegislash,"Generations of kings were attended by these Pokémon, which used their spectral power to manipulate and control people and Pokémon."
126,magmar,"The fiery surface of its body gives off a wavering, rippling glare that is similar to the sun."
539,sawk,Tying their belts gets them pumped and makes their punches more destructive. Disturbing their training angers them.
658,greninja,"It creates throwing stars out of compressed water. When it spins them and throws them at high speed, these stars can split metal in two."
92,gastly,"This Pokémon’s body is 95% made up of gases, which are blown away by strong gusts of wind."
651,quilladin,They strengthen their lower bodies by running into one another. They are very kind and won’t start fights.
178,xatu,This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun’s movement all day.
95,onix,It twists and squirms through the ground. Thethunderous roar of its tunneling echoes a long way.
357,tropius,"It flies by flapping its broad leaves and gives the sweet, delicious fruit around its neck to children."
20,raticate,"this Pokémon’s sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses."
613,cubchoo,"Their snot is a barometer of health. When healthy, their snot is sticky and the power of their ice moves increases."
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially developed to enable it to see clearly even in murky darkness and minimal light.
83,farfetchd,It always walks about with a plant stalk clamped in its beak. The stalk is used for building its nest.
126,magmar,"Born in the spout of a volcano, its body is covered by flames that shimmer like the sun."
143,snorlax,Its stomach is said to be incomparably strong. Even Muk’s poison is nothing more than a hint of spice on this Pokémon’s tongue.
407,roserade,"Luring prey with a sweet scent, it uses poison whips on its arms to poison, bind, and finish off the prey."
88,grimer,Sludge exposed to X-rays from the moon transformed into this Pokémon. It loves feeding on filthy things.
13,weedle,Its poison stinger is very powerful. Its bright-colored body is intended to warn off its enemies.
253,grovyle,The leaves growing out of this Pokémon’s body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This Pokémon is a master at climbing trees in jungles.
58,growlithe,"It’s both clever and loyal, but if a stranger tries to invade its territory, it barks threateningly."
72,tentacool,It can sometimes be found all dry and shriveled up on a beach. Toss it back into the sea to revive it.
109,koffing,"In hot places, its internal gases could expand and explode without any warning. Be very careful!"
80,slowbro,"Being bitten by a Shellder shocked this Pokémon into standing on two legs. If the Shellder lets go, it seems this Pokémon will turn back into a Slowpoke."
274,nuzleaf,this Pokémon live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This Pokémon dislikes having its long nose pinched.
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
378,regice,Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
45,vileplume,Flaps its broad flower petals to scatter its poisonous pollen. The flapping sound is very loud.
700,sylveon,It wraps its ribbonlike feelers around the arm of its beloved Trainer and walks with him or her.
132,ditto,It has the ability to reconstitute its entire cellular structure to transform into whatever it sees.
222,corsola,Many live in the clean seas of the south. They apparently can’t live in polluted waters.
591,amoonguss,"They show off their Poké Ball caps to lure prey, but very few Pokémon are fooled by this."
55,golduck,"When it swims at full speed using its long, webbedlimbs, its fore­ head somehow be­ gins to glow."
693,clawitzer,"By expelling water from the nozzle in the back of its claw, it can move at a speed of 60 knots."
73,tentacruel,"The tentacles are normally kept short. On hunts, they are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey."
81,magnemite,The units at its sides generate electromagnetic waves that keep it airborne. It feeds on electricity.
12,butterfree,"In battle, it flaps its wings at high speed torelease highly toxic dust into the air."
380,latias,Its body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
499,pignite,"The more it eats, the more fuel it has to make the fire in its stomach stronger. This fills it with even more power."
181,ampharos,Its tail shines bright and strong. It has been prized since long ago as a beacon for sailors.
174,igglybuff,"Taking advantage of the softness of its body, this Pokémon moves as if bouncing. Its body turns a deep pink when its temperature rises."
135,jolteon,"this Pokémon’s cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur, enabling the Pokémon to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles."
356,dusclops,"Its body is entirely hollow. When it opens its mouth, it sucks everything in as if it were a black hole."
102,exeggcute,Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
407,roserade,"Its sweet aroma attracts prey. Then it spews poison. The more toxic it is, the sweeter its aroma."
527,woobat,Its habitat is dark forests and caves. It emits ultrasonic waves from its nose to learn about its surroundings.
320,wailmer,"It bounces playfully like a ball. The more seawater it swallows, the higher it bounces."
361,snorunt,"It can only survive in cold areas. It bounces happily around, even in environments as cold as -150 degrees Fahrenheit."
184,azumarill,Its long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of things in water and tell what they are.
133,eevee,this Pokémon has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokémon to evolve.
187,hoppip,"It drifts on winds. It is said that when this Pokémon gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way."
138,omanyte,"this Pokémon is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell."
34,nidoking,"When it goes on a rampage, it’s impossible to control. But in the presence of a Nidoqueen it’s lived with for a long time, this Pokémon calms down."
273,seedot,"When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon."
365,walrein,"this Pokémon swims all over in frigid seawater while crushing icebergs with its grand, imposing tusks.Its thick layer of blubber makes enemy attacks bounce off harmlessly."
34,nidoking,"this Pokémon’s thick tail packs enormously destructive power. With one swing, it can topple a metal transmission tower.Once this POKéMON goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it."
385,jirachi,"A legend states that this Pokémon will make true any wish that is written on notes attached to its head when it awakens. If this Pokémon senses danger, it will fight without awakening."
396,starly,"They flock around mountains and fields, chasing after bug Pokémon. Their singing is noisy and annoying."
382,kyogre,It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
676,furfrou,"Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokémon were the designated guardians of the king."
173,cleffa,"When numerous me­ teors illuminate the night sky,sightings of this Pokémon strangely increase."
768,golisopod,"Its claws, which it can extend and retract at will, are its greatest weapons. this Pokémon is sometimes accompanied by Wimpod."
365,walrein,"It shatters ice with its big tusks. Its thick blubber repels not only the cold, but also enemy attacks."
467,magmortar,"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit out of its arms. Its breath also sears and sizzles."
283,surskit,"It secretes a thick, sweet-scented syrup from the tip of its head. It lives on weed-choked ponds."
56,mankey,It’s unsafe to approach if it gets violently enraged for no reason and can’t distinguish friends from foes.
45,vileplume,Flaps its broad flower petals to scatter itspoisonous pollen. The flapping sound is very loud.
554,darumaka,"this Pokémon’s droppings are hot, so people used to put them in their clothes to keep themselves warm."
48,venonat,Poison oozes from all over its body. It catches andeats small bugs at night that are at­ tracted by light.
65,alakazam,A Pokémon that can memorize anything. It never forgets what it learns—that’s why this Pokémon is smart.
159,croconaw,"The tips of its fangs are slanted backward. Oncethose fangs clamp down, the prey has no hope of escape."
640,virizion,This Pokémon fought humans in order to protect its friends. Legends about it continue to be passed down.
505,watchog,"Using luminescent matter, it makes its eyes and body glow and stuns attacking opponents."
427,buneary,"When it senses danger, it perks up its ears. On cold nights, it sleeps with its head tucked into its fur."
32,nidoran-m,"Stiffens its ears to sense danger. The larger itshorns, the more powerful its secreted venom."
273,seedot,It attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. Strong winds can sometimes make it fall.
167,spinarak,The web spun by this Pokémon can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that this Pokémon can determine what kind of prey is touching its web just by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web’s strands.
304,aron,"A POKéMON that is clad in steel armor. A new suit of armor is made when it evolves. The old, discarded armor is salvaged as metal for making iron products."
318,carvanha,"It won’t attack while it’s alone—not even if it spots prey. Instead, it waits for other this Pokémon to join it, and then the Pokémon attack as a group."
692,clauncher,"Through controlled explosions of internal gas, it can expel water like a pistol shot. At close distances, it can shatter rock."
432,purugly,"It binds its body with its tails to make itself look bigger. If it locks eyes, it will glare ceaselessly."
358,chimecho,"In high winds, this Pokémon cries as it hangs from a tree branch or the eaves of a building using a suction cup on its head. This Pokémon plucks berries with its long tail and eats them."
470,leafeon,"This Pokémon’s tail is blade sharp, with a fantastic cutting edge that can slice right though large trees."
83,farfetchd,It can’t live without the stalk it holds. That’s why it defends the stalk from attackers with its life.
292,shedinja,this Pokémon is a peculiar POKéMON. It seems to appear unsought in a POKé BALL after a NINCADA evolves.This bizarre POKéMON is entirely immobile - it doesn’t even breathe.
421,cherrim,It blooms during times of strong sunlight. It tries to make up for everything it endured as a bud.
399,bidoof,"With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is more agile and active than it appears."
65,alakazam,"It does not like physical attacks very much. Instead, it freely uses extra­ sensory powers to defeat foes."
506,lillipup,"Though it is a very brave Pokémon, it’s also smart enough to check its foe’s strength and avoid battle."
92,gastly,"Said to appear in decrepit, deserted buildings. It has no real shape, as it appears to be made of a gas."
26,raichu,"When its electricity builds, its muscles are stimulated, and it becomes more aggressive than usual."
269,dustox,"A nocturnal Pokémon. Drawn by streetlights, they messily eat the leaves of trees lining boulevards."
321,wailord,"When chasing prey, this Pokémon herds them by leaping out of the water and making a humongous splash.It is breathtaking to see this POKéMON leaping out of the sea with others in its pod."
61,poliwhirl,"It can live in or out of water. When out of water, it constantly sweats to keep its body slimy."
129,magikarp,"this Pokémon is virtually useless in battle as it can only splash around. As a result, it is considered to be weak. However, it is actually a very hardy Pokémon that can survive in any body of water no matter how polluted it is."
231,phanpy,It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
460,abomasnow,It whips up blizzards in mountains that are always buried in snow. It is the abominable snowman.
474,porygon-z,"Its behavior is noticeably unstable, which is apparently due to the incompetence of the engineer who updated its programming."
33,nidorino,"It has a violent disposition and stabs foes with its horn, which oozes poison upon impact."
77,ponyta,Its hooves are 10 times harder than diamonds. It cantrample anything completely flat in little time.
29,nidoran-f,"While it does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from barbs can be fatal."
272,ludicolo,"this Pokémon begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This Pokémon is said to appear when it hears the singing of children on hiking outings."
528,swoobat,"Emitting powerful sound waves tires it out. Afterward, it won’t be able to fly for a little while."
48,venonat,"Its big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light."
120,staryu,"In many places, there are folktales of stardust falling into the ocean and becoming this Pokémon."
360,wynaut,It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
190,aipom,It lives atop giant trees. It wraps its tail around a branch so it won’t fall off while asleep.
300,skitty,"It can’t stop itself from chasing moving things, and it runs in a circle, chasing its own tail."
201,unown,Their shapes look like hieroglyphs on ancient tablets. It is said that the two are somehow related.
302,sableye,It digs through the ground with its hard claws and crunches down gems with its thick pointy teeth. Carbink is its favorite food.
63,abra,"Sleeps 18 hours a day. If it senses danger, it will teleport itself to safety even as it sleeps."
319,sharpedo,Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.”
530,excadrill,"Forming a drill with its steel claws and head, it can bore through a steel plate, no matter how thick it is."
283,surskit,"They usually live on ponds, but after an evening shower, they may appear on puddles in towns."
388,grotle,It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokémon there on its back.
28,sandslash,"The drier the area this Pokémon lives in, the harder and smoother the Pokémon’s spikes will feel when touched."
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially developed to enable it to see clearly even in murky darkness and minimal light.
693,clawitzer,"Its right arm is packed with meat. When its pincer falls off, it’s exported to be used as a cooking ingredient."
432,purugly,"It binds its body with its tails to make itself look bigger. If it locks eyes, it will glare ceaselessly."
642,thundurus,"As it flies around, it shoots lightning all over the place and causes forest fires. It is therefore disliked."
868,milcery,They say that any patisserie visited by this Pokémon is guaranteed success and good fortune.
440,happiny,"It carries a round, egg-shaped rock in its belly pouch and gives the rock to its friends."
364,sealeo,"this Pokémon often balances and rolls things on the tip of its nose. While the POKéMON is rolling something, it checksthe object’s aroma and texture to determine whether it likes the object or not."
284,masquerain,Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
311,plusle,It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
150,mewtwo,It was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene-splicing and DNA-engineering experiments.
89,muk,"It’s so stinky! this Pokémon’s body contains toxic elements, and any plant will wilt when it passes by."
610,axew,"Its large tusks have a tendency to break, but each time they grow back, they grow in harder and sturdier."
351,castform,"This Pokémon can change its cells, taking different forms based on the temperature and humidity."
339,barboach,"Its slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud."
300,skitty,"It can’t stop itself from chasing moving things, and it runs in a circle, chasing its own tail."
147,dratini,"Long considered a mythical POKéMON until recently, when a small colony was found living underwater."
6,charizard,It uses its wings to fly high. The temperature of itsfire increases as it gains exper­ ience in battle.
234,stantler,"this Pokémon’s magnificent antlers were once traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this POKéMON was hunted close to extinction."
69,bellsprout,"Even though its body is extremely skinny, it is blindingly fast when catching its prey."
638,cobalion,It has a body and heart of steel. It worked with its allies to punish people when they hurt Pokémon.
40,wigglytuff,"Its body is very elastic. By inhaling deeply, it can continue to inflate itself without limit."
538,throh,"When it encounters a foe bigger than itself, it wants to throw it. It changes belts as it gets stronger."
69,bellsprout,It prefers hot and humid environments. It is quick at capturing prey with its vines.
127,pinsir,"Grips its prey in its pincers and squeezes hard! Itcan't move if it's cold, so it lives in warm places."
464,rhyperior,It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. GEODUDE are shot at rare times.
148,dragonair,"From time immemorial, it has been venerated by agricultural peoples as an entity able to control the weather."
116,horsea,"It makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees."
318,carvanha,Each school has its own territory. Any intruders are mercilessly attacked with fangs bared.
591,amoonguss,"It lures prey close by dancing and waving its arm caps, which resemble Poké Balls, in a swaying motion."
261,poochyena,this Pokémon is an omnivore—it will eat anything. A distinguishing feature is how large its fangs are compared to its body. This Pokémon tries to intimidate its foes by making the hair on its tail bristle out.
146,moltres,One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring.
451,skorupi,It burrows under the sand to lie in wait for prey. Its tail claws can inject its prey with a savage poison.
377,regirock,"Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself."
60,poliwag,The direction of the swirl on their stomachs differs depending on where they live. this Pokémon aficionados can tell them apart at a glance.
119,seaking,"When autumn comes, the males patrol the area aroundtheir nests in order to protect their offspring."
10,caterpie,It releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly.
330,flygon,"The flapping of its wings sounds like singing. To prevent detection by enemies, it hides itself by flapping up a cloud of desert sand."
69,bellsprout,It prefers hot and humid environments. It is quick at capturing prey with its vines.
357,tropius,Children of the southern tropics eat as snacks the fruit that grows in bunches around the neck of this Pokémon.This POKéMON flies by flapping the leaves on its back as if they were wings.
754,lurantis,It fires beams from its sickle-shaped petals. These beams are powerful enough to cleave through thick metal plates.
128,tauros,"After heightening its will to fight by whipping itself with its three tails, it charges at full speed."
620,mienshao,"Using the long fur on its arms like whips, it launches into combo attacks that, once started, no one can stop."
413,wormadam,"When BURMY evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokémon’s body. The cloak is never shed."
145,zapdos,This legendary bird Pokémon is said to appear when the sky turns dark and lightning showers down.
454,toxicroak,"It has a poison sac at its throat. When it croaks, the stored poison is churned for greater potency."
20,raticate,It whittles its constantly growing fangs by gnawing on hard things. It can chew apart cinder walls.
109,koffing,It adores polluted air. Some claim that this Pokémon used to be more plentiful in the Galar region than they are now.
353,shuppet,It loves vengeful emotions and hangs in rows under the eaves of houses where vengeful people live.
333,swablu,Its wings bring cottony clouds to mind. It grooms with springwater and loves to sit on heads.
541,swadloon,Forests where this Pokémon live have superb foliage because the nutrients they make from fallen leaves nourish the plant life.
371,bagon,this Pokémon is a solitary Pokémon that doesn’t form groups with others of its kind. It also has a head hard enough to cleave a boulder in one strike.
841,flapple,It flies on wings of apple skin and spits a powerful acid. It can also change its shape into that of an apple.
472,gliscor,Its flight is soundless. It uses its lengthy tail to carry off its prey... Then its elongated fangs do the rest.
287,slakoth,"It sleeps virtually all day and night long. It doesn’t change its nest its entire life, but it sometimes travels great distances by swimming in rivers."
33,nidorino,An aggressive POKéMON that is quick to attack.The horn on its head secretes a powerful venom.
726,torracat,"When its mane is standing on end, you can tell it’s feeling good. When it isn’t feeling well, its fur will lie down flat."
547,whimsicott,"They appear along with whirlwinds. They pull pranks, such as moving furniture and leaving balls of cotton in homes."
241,miltank,"Its milk is packed with nutrition, making it the ultimate beverage for the sick or weary."
578,duosion,"Since they have two divided brains, at times they suddenly try to take two different actions at once."
293,whismur,"The cry of a this Pokémon is over 100 decibels. If you’re close to a this Pokémon when it lets out a cry, you’ll be stuck with an all-day headache."
320,wailmer,"On sunny days, it lands on beaches to bounce like a ball and play. It spouts water from its nose."
264,linoone,Its fur is strong and supple. Shaving brushes made with shed this Pokémon hairs are highly prized.
143,snorlax,"When its belly is full, it becomes too lethargic to even lift a finger, so it is safe to bounce on its belly."
101,electrode,"It explodes in response to even minor stimuli. It is feared, with the nickname of “The Bomb Ball.”"
5,charmeleon,"In the rocky mountains where this Pokémon live, their fiery tails shine at night like stars."
307,meditite,"this Pokémon undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this Pokémon always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends."
90,shellder,"At night, this Pokémon uses its broad tongue to burrow a hole in the seafloor sand and then sleep in it. While it is sleeping, this Pokémon closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out."
265,wurmple,"Often targeted by bird Pokémon, it desperately resists by releasing poison from its tail spikes."
109,koffing,"Its thin, balloon-like body is inflated by horribly toxic gases. It reeks when it is nearby."
374,beldum,"When this Pokémon gather in a swarm, they move in perfect unison as if they were but one POKéMON. They communicate with each other using brain waves."
293,whismur,"this Pokémon is very timid. If it starts to cry loudly, it becomes startled by its own crying and cries even harder. When it finally stops crying, the Pokémon goes to sleep, all tired out."
188,skiploom,It blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible.
22,fearow,"With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest."
831,wooloo,"If its fleece grows too long, this Pokémon won’t be able to move. Cloth made with the wool of this Pokémon is surprisingly strong."
51,dugtrio,"this Pokémon are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like theother two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly."
150,mewtwo,"this Pokémon is a Pokémon that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans created this Pokémon’s body, they failed to endow this Pokémon with a compassionate heart."
103,exeggutor,"It is said that on rare occasions, one of its heads will drop off and continue on as an EXEGGCUTE."
362,glalie,"this Pokémon has a body made of rock, which it hardens with an armor of ice. This Pokémon has the ability to freeze moisture in the atmosphere into any shape it desires."
82,magneton,Three MAGNEMITE are linked by a strong magneticforce. Earaches will occur if you get too close.
175,togepi,"It transforms the kindness and joy of others into happiness, which it stores in its shell."
111,rhyhorn,"A Pokémon with a one-track mind. Once it charges, it won’t stop running until it falls asleep."
245,suicune,It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
52,meowth,"this Pokémon withdraw their sharp claws into their paws to silently sneak about. For some reason, this POKéMON loves shiny coins that glitter with light."
357,tropius,"It flies by flapping its broad leaves and gives the sweet, delicious fruit around its neck to children."
52,meowth,Appears to be more active at night. It loves round and shiny things. It can’t stop itself from picking them up.
637,volcarona,"A sea of fire engulfs the surroundings of their battles, since they use their six wings to scatter their ember scales."
483,dialga,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that time flows when this Pokémon’s heart beats.
142,aerodactyl,A savage POKéMON that died out in ancient times. Itwas resurrected using DNA taken from amber.
293,whismur,"Usually, its cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane."
348,armaldo,"Its enormous, retractable claws can cut through most anything. Its entire body is clad in sturdy plates."
148,dragonair,Its crystalline orbs appear to give this Pokémon the power to freely control the weather.
569,garbodor,Consuming garbage makes new kinds of poison gases and liquids inside their bodies.
14,kakuna,"While awaiting evolution, it hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches."
806,blacephalon,"A UB that appeared from an Ultra Wormhole, it causes explosions, then takes advantage of opponents’ surprise to rob them of their vitality."
264,linoone,"this Pokémon always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it. This Pokémon is very challenged by gently curving roads."
211,qwilfish,"To fire its poison spikes, it must inflate its bodyby drinking over 2.6 gallons of water all at once."
582,vanillite,This Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. It sleeps buried in snow.
338,solrock,"this Pokémon is a new species of POKéMON that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in air and moves silently.In battle, this POKéMON releases intensely bright light."
164,noctowl,"When it needs to think, it rotates its head 180 degrees to sharpen its intellectual power."
617,accelgor,"Having removed its heavy shell, it becomes very light and can fight with ninja-like movements."
525,boldore,"Because its energy was too great to be contained, the energy leaked and formed orange crystals."
320,wailmer,It loves to startle people. It fills itself up with seawater and plays by bouncing around like a ball.
311,plusle,"this Pokémon always acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, thisPOKéMON shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of sparks to show its joy."
781,dhelmise,"After a piece of seaweed merged with debris from a sunken ship, it was reborn as this ghost Pokémon."
134,vaporeon,It has evolved to be suitable for an aquatic life. It can invisibly melt away into water.
551,sandile,They live buried in the sands of the desert. The sun-warmed sands prevent their body temperature from dropping.
558,crustle,Its thick claws are its greatest weapons. They’re mighty enough to crack Rhyperior’s carapace.
723,dartrix,It never slacks when it comes to the task of cleaning its feathers. Thorough preening keeps it looking spiffy and its blade quills nice and sharp.
240,magby,"this Pokémon’s state of health is determined by observing the fire it breathes. If the POKéMON is spouting yellowflames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames."
185,sudowoodo,"To avoid being attacked, it does nothing but mimic a tree. It hates water and flees from rain."
798,kartana,"One of the Ultra Beast life-forms, it was observed cutting down a gigantic steel tower with one stroke of its blade."
264,linoone,"It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails."
82,magneton,"When many this Pokémon gather together, theresulting magnetic storm disrupts radio waves."
197,umbreon,"When this Pokémon becomes angry, its pores secrete a poisonous sweat, which it sprays at its opponent’s eyes."
60,poliwag,"this Pokémon has a very thin skin. It is possible to see the POKéMON’s spiral innards right through the skin.Despite its thinness, however, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it."
791,solgaleo,this Pokémon was once known as the Beast That Devours the Sun. Energy in the form of light radiates boundlessly from it.
624,pawniard,It uses river stones to maintain the cutting edges of the blades covering its body. These sharpened blades allow it to bring down opponents.
588,karrablast,"When they feel threatened, they spit an acidic liquid to drive attackers away. This Pokémon targets Shelmet."
765,oranguru,"It knows the forest inside and out. If it comes across a wounded Pokémon, this Pokémon will gather medicinal herbs to treat it."
12,butterfree,"this Pokémon has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest."
328,trapinch,"It builds nests that double as traps, lying in wait for its prey to get caught. When night falls, it digs itself a spot beneath the sand to sleep."
553,krookodile,"They never allow prey to escape. Their jaws are so powerful, they can crush the body of an automobile."
46,paras,Mushrooms called tochukaso sprout from its back. They can be dried and powdered to make a medicine used to extend life.
722,rowlet,"It feels relaxed in tight, dark places and has been known to use its Trainer’s pocket or bag as a nest."
308,medicham,It gains the ability to see the aura of its opponents by honing its mind through starvation.
572,minccino,"These Pokémon prefer a tidy habitat. They are always sweeping and dusting, using their tails as brooms."
123,scyther,Its blindingly fast speed adds to the sharpness of its twin forearm scythes. The scythes can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke.
12,butterfree,It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.
600,klang,"A minigear and big gear comprise its body. If the minigear it launches at a foe doesn’t return, it will die."
102,exeggcute,The heads attract each other and spin around.There must be 6 heads for it to maintain balance.
255,torchic,"this Pokémon sticks with its Trainer, following behind with unsteady steps. This Pokémon breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black."
137,porygon,The world’s first artificially created Pokémon. It can travel through electronic space.
499,pignite,"The more it eats, the more fuel it has to make the fire in its stomach stronger. This fills it with even more power."
402,kricketune,It signals its emotions with its melodies. Scientists are studying these melodic patterns.
79,slowpoke,Incredibly slow and sluggish. It is quite contentto loll about without worrying about the time.
242,blissey,Anyone who takes even one bite of this Pokémon’s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone.
258,mudkip,"To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders."
140,kabuto,A Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. It used the eyes on its back while hiding on the seafloor.
120,staryu,"If its body is torn, it can grow back if the red core remains. The core flashes at midnight."
388,grotle,It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokémon there on its back.
326,grumpig,"this Pokémon uses the black pearls on its body to wield its fantastic powers. When it is doing so, it dances bizarrely. This Pokémon’s black pearls are valuable as works of art."
141,kabutops,"In the water, it tucks in its limbs to become morecompact, then it wiggles its shell to swim fast."
677,espurr,"There’s enough psychic power in this Pokémon to send a wrestler flying, but because this power can’t be controlled, this Pokémon finds it troublesome."
546,cottonee,"Perhaps because they feel more at ease in a group, they stick to others they find. They end up looking like a cloud."
615,cryogonal,"When its body temperature goes up, it turns into steam and vanishes. When its temperature lowers, it returns to ice."
622,golett,"Although ancient people apparently built it by working with clay, the source of its energy is unclear."
222,corsola,It continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure because of its beauty.
56,mankey,"It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason."
362,glalie,"It freezes its prey and chews them whole. However, it prefers to eat Pokémon like Vanillite that are already frozen."
3,venusaur,"It is able to con­ vert sunlight into energy. As aresult, it is more powerful in the summertime."
43,oddish,"This POKéMON grows by absorbing moonlight. During the daytime, it buries itself in the ground, leaving only its leaves exposed to avoid detection by its enemies."
204,pineco,It hangs and waits for flying insect prey to come near. It does not move about much on its own.
177,natu,"Although it still can’t fly, its jumping power is outstanding. It jumps way up into trees and plucks the buds from the branches."
79,slowpoke,"this Pokémon uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river. However, this Pokémon often forgets what it’s doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water’s edge."
72,tentacool,Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook them by accident are often punished by their stingers.
53,persian,"Although its fur has many admirers, it is tough toraise as a pet because of its fickle meanness."
290,nincada,this Pokémon lives underground. It uses its sharp claws to carve the roots of trees and absorb moisture and nutrients.This POKéMON can’t withstand bright sunlight so avoids it.
6,charizard,It is said that this Pokémon’s fire burns hotter if it has experienced harsh battles.
18,pidgeot,Its well-developed chest muscles make it strong enoughto whip up a gusty windstorm with just a few flaps.
220,swinub,It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig upfood. It sometimes discovers hot springs.
292,shedinja,A most peculiar Pokémon that somehow appears in a Poké Ball when a Nincada evolves.
263,zigzagoon,It walks in zigzag fashion. It is good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
574,gothita,"They intently observe both Trainers and Pokémon. Apparently, they are looking at something that only this Pokémon can see."
60,poliwag,"Its skin is so thin, its internal organs are visible. It has trouble walking on its newly grown feet."
353,shuppet,"this Pokémon grows by feeding on dark emotions, such as vengefulness and envy, in the hearts of people. It roams through cities in search of grudges that taint people."
294,loudred,The force of this Pokémon’s loud voice isn’t just the sound—it’s also the wave of air pressure that blows opponents away and damages them.
411,bastiodon,"When they lined up side by side, no foe could break through. They shielded their young in that way."
632,durant,"They attack in groups, covering themselves in steel armor to protect themselves from Heatmor."
282,gardevoir,this Pokémon has the psychokinetic power to distort the dimensions and create a small black hole. This Pokémon will try to protect its Trainer even at the risk of its own life.
223,remoraid,It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike moving prey from more than 300 feet away.
166,ledian,"While it’s believed that starlight provides it with energy, this Pokémon also loves to eat berries. In the daytime, it curls up in the grass to sleep."
92,gastly,"With its gas-like body, it can sneak into any place itdesires. However, it can be blown away by wind."
246,larvitar,"Born deep underground, it comes aboveground and becomes a pupa once it has finished eating the surrounding soil."
139,omastar,"Despite having strong fangs and tentacles, it went extinct when its heavy shell made it unable to catch prey."
600,klang,"By changing the direction in which it rotates, it communicates its feelings to others. When angry, it rotates faster."
46,paras,Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host this Pokémon.
697,tyrantrum,"Complete restoration is impossible, allowing room for theories that its entire body was once covered in a feather-like coat."
478,froslass,Legends in snowy regions say that a woman who was lost on an icy mountain was reborn as this Pokémon.
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
372,shelgon,"Its armored body makes all attacks bounce off. The armor is too tough, however, making it heavy and somewhat sluggish."
693,clawitzer,"After using the feelers on its oversized claw to detect the location of prey, this Pokémon launches a cannonball of water at its target."
763,tsareena,"A Pokémon known for the beauty of its well-shaped legs, it sometimes appears as a mascot in advertisements for beauty salons."
429,mismagius,Its cries sound like incantations to torment the foe. It appears where you least expect it.
637,volcarona,this Pokémon scatters burning scales. Some say it does this to start fires. Others say it’s trying to rescue those that suffer in the cold.
129,magikarp,"Famous for being very unreliable. It can be found swimming in seas, lakes, rivers, and shallow puddles."
325,spoink,"Using its tail like a spring, it keeps its heart beating by bouncing constantly. If it stops, it dies."
138,omanyte,"Revived from an ancient fossil, this Pokémon uses air stored in its shell to sink and rise in water."
618,stunfisk,"For some reason, this Pokémon smiles slightly when it emits a strong electric current from the yellow markings on its body."
525,boldore,Its orange crystal is a mass of energy. Just one crystal fragment would provide enough fuel for a hundred dump trucks.
164,noctowl,"When it needs to think, it rotates its head 180 degrees to sharpen its intellectual power."
97,hypno,"Always holding a pendulum that it rocks at a steadyrhythm, it causes drowsiness in any­ one nearby."
563,cofagrigus,Grave robbers who mistake them for real coffins and get too close end up trapped inside their bodies.
48,venonat,Lives in the shadows of tall trees where it eats bugs. It is attracted by light at night.
212,scizor,A this Pokémon has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. It flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
104,cubone,"If it is sad or lonely, the skull it wears shakes,and emits a plain­ tive and mournful sound."
629,vullaby,It wears a bone to protect its rear. It often squabbles with others of its kind over particularly comfy bones.
122,mr-mime,Always practicing its pantomime act. It makes enemies believe something exists that really doesn’t.
705,sliggoo,It has trouble drawing a line between friends and food. It will calmly try to melt and eat even those it gets along well with.
616,shelmet,It evolves when bathed in an electric-like energy along with Karrablast. The reason is still unknown.
102,exeggcute,The heads attract each other and spin around. There must be six heads for it to maintain balance.
100,voltorb,"Usually found in power plants. Easily mistaken for a Poké Ball, it has zapped many people."
535,tympole,It uses sound waves to communicate with others of its kind. People and other Pokémon species can’t hear its cries of warning.
407,roserade,"It attracts prey with a sweet aroma, then downs it with thorny whips hidden in its arms."
485,heatran,"Boiling blood, like magma, circulates through its body. It makes its dwelling place in volcanic caves."
340,whiscash,"It is extremely protective of its territory. If any foe approaches, it attacks using vicious tremors."
220,swinub,"It has a very sensitive nose. It can locate mushrooms, berries, and even hot springs buried under ice."
347,anorith,A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
143,snorlax,"Very lazy. Just eats and sleeps. As its rotundbulk builds, it becomes steadily more slothful."
23,ekans,"Moving silently and stealthily, it eats the eggs of birds, such as Pidgey and Spearow, whole."
752,araquanid,"It delivers headbutts with the water bubble on its head. Small Pokémon get sucked into the bubble, where they drown."
70,weepinbell,A Pokémon that appears to be a plant. It captures unwary prey by dousing them with a toxic powder.
587,emolga,The energy made in its cheeks’ electric pouches is stored inside its membrane and released while it is gliding.
12,butterfree,"When attacked by other Pokémon, it defends itself by scattering its poisonous scales and fluttering its wings."
310,manectric,"It stimulates its own muscles with electricity, so it can move quickly. It eases its soreness with electricity, too, so it can recover quickly as well."
56,mankey,An agile POKéMON that lives in trees. It angerseasily and will not hesitate to attack anything.
265,wurmple,"Often targeted by bird Pokémon, it desperately resists by releasing poison from its tail spikes."
206,dunsparce,It hides deep inside caves where no light everreaches it and remains virtually motionless there.
268,cascoon,"To avoid detection by its enemies, it hides motionlessly beneath large leaves and in the gaps of branches. It also attaches dead leaves to its body for camouflage."
681,aegislash,Its potent spectral powers allow it to manipulate others. It once used its powers to force people and Pokémon to build a kingdom to its liking.
320,wailmer,It eats one ton of food every day. It plays by shooting stored seawater out its blowholes with great force.
192,sunflora,"It converts sunlight into energy. In the darkness after sunset, it closes its petals and becomes still."
431,glameow,"With its sharp glare, it puts foes in a mild hypnotic state. It is a very fickle Pokémon."
575,gothorita,"Starlight is the source of their power. At night, they mark star positions by using psychic power to float stones."
437,bronzong,Ancient people believed that petitioning this Pokémon for rain was the way to make crops grow.
663,talonflame,Bird Pokémon make up most of its diet. It approaches at high speeds and smacks them down to the ground with its powerful kick.
3,venusaur,"After a rainy day, the flower on its back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon."
825,dottler,"As it grows inside its shell, it uses its psychic abilities to monitor the outside world and prepare for evolution."
849,toxtricity,This short-tempered and aggressive Pokémon chugs stagnant water to absorb any toxins it might contain.
466,electivire,"As its electric charge amplifies, blue sparks begin to crackle between its horns."
507,herdier,"This very loyal Pokémon helps Trainers, and it also takes care of other Pokémon."
430,honchkrow,"If one utters a deep cry, many Murkrow gather quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.”"
339,barboach,It probes muddy riverbeds with its two long whiskers. A slimy film protects its body.
659,bunnelby,It has ears like shovels. Digging holes strengthens its ears so much that they can sever thick roots effortlessly.
69,bellsprout,It prefers hot and humid environments. It is quick at capturing prey with its vines.
86,seel,A Pokémon that lives on icebergs. It swims in the sea using the point on its head to break up ice.
45,vileplume,"Its petals are the largest in the world. As it walks, it scatters extremely allergenic pollen."
209,snubbull,"Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute."
277,swellow,"It circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey."
531,audino,"It touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to tell how they are feeling."
45,vileplume,"Its petals are the largest in the world. As it walks, it scatters extremely allergenic pollen."
329,vibrava,"Rather than using its underdeveloped wings for flight, it rubs them together, producing ultrasonic waves to attack its enemies."
634,zweilous,"Since their two heads do not get along and compete with each other for food, they always eat too much."
88,grimer,"Wherever this Pokémon has passed, so many germs are left behind that no plants will ever grow again."
87,dewgong,"In snow, the pure white coat covering its body obscures it from predators."
517,munna,"It eats the dreams of people and Pokémon. When it eats a pleasant dream, it expels pink-colored mist."
108,lickitung,Its tongue spans almost 7 feet and moves more freelythan its forelegs. Its licks can cause paralysis.
578,duosion,"Since they have two divided brains, at times they suddenly try to take two different actions at once."
93,haunter,"By licking, it saps the victim’s life. It causes shaking that won’t stop until the victim’s demise."
165,ledyba,These very cowardly Pokémon join together and use Reflect to protect their nest.
141,kabutops,this Pokémon swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient times. The Pokémon was apparently evolving from being a water dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs.
750,mudsdale,this Pokémon has so much stamina that it could carry over 10 tons across the Galar region without rest or sleep.
71,victreebel,"this Pokémon has a long vine that extends from its head. This vine is waved and flicked about as if it were an animal to attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this Pokémon swallows it whole."
91,cloyster,"Once it slams its shell shut, it is impossible toopen, even by those with superi­ or strength."
472,gliscor,Its flight is soundless. It uses its lengthy tail to carry off its prey... Then its elongated fangs do the rest.
48,venonat,"Its big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light."
756,shiinotic,"When it starts fighting for territory with Parasect, the entire area gets completely coated in spores!"
709,trevenant,Small roots that extend from the tips of this Pokémon’s feet can tie into the trees of the forest and give this Pokémon control over them.
614,beartic,They love the cold seas of the north. They create pathways across the ocean waters by freezing their own breath.
753,fomantis,"When the sun rises, this Pokémon spreads its four leaves and bathes in the sunlight. The tip of its head has a pleasant aroma."
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer.
44,gloom,"The honey it drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away."
28,sandslash,"It is skilled at slashing enemies with its claws. If broken, they start to grow back in a day."
53,persian,Its elegant and refined behavior clashes with that of the barbaric Perrserker. The relationship between the two is one of mutual disdain.
709,trevenant,"Using its roots as a nervous system, it controls the trees in the forest. It’s kind to the Pokémon that reside in its body."
507,herdier,"It has been living with people for so long that portrayals of it can be found on the walls of caves from long, long ago."
153,bayleef,this Pokémon’s neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
755,morelull,"It likes damp dark places. When night falls, the spores filling the caps of its mushrooms glow."
166,ledian,"It uses starlight as energy. When more stars appear at night, the patterns on its back grow larger."
121,starmie,Its shining core is thought to receive and transmit enigmatic signals. It has been known to cause headaches in those who approach it.
215,sneasel,"It blends into the dark of night to ambush its prey. this Pokémon will attack Sandshrew, but its hard skin can cause this Pokémon’s claws to snap off."
250,ho-oh,A legend says that its body glows in seven colors. A rainbow is said to form behind it when it flies.
421,cherrim,"If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun’s rays with its whole body."
343,baltoy,"It was discovered in ancient ruins. While moving, it constantly spins. It stands on one foot even when asleep."
140,kabuto,"this Pokémon is a POKéMON that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in extremely rare cases, living exampleshave been discovered. The POKéMON has not changed at all for 300 million years."
45,vileplume,"The larger its petals, the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up."
361,snorunt,It feeds mainly on ice and snow. It’s only able to survive in a limited number of places in the warm Alola region.
117,seadra,this Pokémon sleeps after wriggling itself between the branches of coral. Those trying to harvest coral areoccasionally stung by this POKéMON’s poison barbs if they fail to notice it.
125,electabuzz,"Normally found near power plants, they can wanderaway and cause major blackouts in cities."
142,aerodactyl,A Pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era. Its teeth are like saw blades.
504,patrat,"Extremely cautious, one of them will always be on the lookout, but it won’t notice a foe coming from behind."
74,geodude,"Its round body makes it easy to pick up, but it is hard and heavy. It’s dangerous to play with them as if they were snowballs."
355,duskull,A glare from its single scarlet eye makes even burly grown-ups freeze in utter fear. It is a nocturnal POKéMON that roams about under the cloak of darkness.
148,dragonair,Its crystalline orbs appear to give this Pokémon the power to freely control the weather.
221,piloswine,A this Pokémon is covered by a thick coat of long hair for enduring freezing cold. It uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
33,nidorino,"this Pokémon has a horn that is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might."
29,nidoran-f,The poison hidden in its small horn is extremely potent. Even a tiny scratch can have fatal results.
172,pichu,It plays with others by touching tails and setting off sparks. This appears to be a test of courage.
240,magby,"It is found in volcanic craters. Its body heat exceeds 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit, so don’t underestimate it."
609,chandelure,The spirits burned up in its ominous flame lose their way and wander this world forever.
326,grumpig,It uses black pearls to amplify its psycho-power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes.
198,murkrow,"If spotted, it will lure an unwary person into chasing it, then lose the pursuer on mountain trails."
153,bayleef,The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up.
581,swanna,"Despite their elegant appearance, they can flap their wings strongly and fly for thousands of miles."
86,seel,The protruding horn on its head is very hard. It is used for bashing through thick icebergs.
774,minior,"It lives in the ozone layer, where it becomes food for stronger Pokémon. When it tries to run away, it falls to the ground."
379,registeel,"It’s rumored that this Pokémon was born deep underground in the planet’s mantle and that it emerged onto the surface 10,000 years ago."
180,flaaffy,this Pokémon’s wool quality changes so that it can generate a high amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.
714,noibat,It flies around in search of fruit to eat. It uses ultrasonic waves to detect which fruits are ripe.
624,pawniard,"Ignoring their injuries, groups attack by sinking the blades that cover their bodies into their prey."
103,exeggutor,"this Pokémon originally came from the tropics. Its heads steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. It is said that when the heads fall off, they group together to form Exeggcute."
124,jynx,"Its cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say."
297,hariyama,"It is known for its fantastic strength, but as it grows older, it focuses more on training Makuhita."
270,lotad,It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can’t swim.
244,entei,"It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe."
112,rhydon,Walks on its hind legs. Shows signs of intelligence.Its armor-like hide even repels molten lava.
112,rhydon,Its brain developed after it stood up on its hind legs. Its drill horn bores tunnels through solid rock.
270,lotad,This POKéMON lives in ponds with clean water. It is known to ferry small POKéMON across ponds by carrying them on the broad leaf on its head.
334,altaria,"If you hear a beautiful melody trilling deep among mountains far from people, it is this Pokémon’s humming."
456,finneon,The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night.
212,scizor,It has a steel-hard body. It intimidates foes by upraising its eye-patterned pincers.
475,gallade,"When trying to protect someone, it extends its elbows as if they were swords and fights savagely."
29,nidoran-f,A mild-mannered Pokémon that does not like to fight. Beware—its small horn secretes venom.
495,snivy,Being exposed to sunlight makes its movements swifter. It uses vines more adeptly than its hands.
117,seadra,Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional medicine ingredients.
682,spritzee,It emits a scent that enraptures those who smell it. This fragrance changes depending on what it has eaten.
291,ninjask,"Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap."
2,ivysaur,"When the bulb on its back grows large, it appears to lose the ability to stand on its hind legs."
588,karrablast,For some reason they evolve when they receive electrical energy while they are attacking Shelmet.
117,seadra,"The male raises the young. If it is approached, ituses its toxic spikes to fend off the intruder."
227,skarmory,"Despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor, it flies at speeds over 180 mph."
420,cherubi,"The small ball is not only filled with nutrients, it is also tasty. STARLY try to peck it off."
51,dugtrio,"Extremely powerful, they can dig through even the hardest ground to a depth of over 60 miles."
167,spinarak,It sets a trap by spinning a web with thin but strong silk. It waits motionlessly for prey to arrive.
310,manectric,"this Pokémon is constantly discharging electricity from its mane. The sparks sometimes ignite forest fires. When it enters a battle, this Pokémon creates thunderclouds."
596,galvantula,It creates barriers from electrified silk that stun foes. This works as a weapon as well as a defense.
113,chansey,It lays several eggs a day. The eggs are apparently rich in nutrients and extremely delicious.
215,sneasel,A this Pokémon scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. It seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
169,crobat,"If this Pokémon is flying by fluttering only a pair of wings on either the forelegs or hind legs, it’s proof that this Pokémon has been flying a long distance. It switches the wings it uses if it is tired."
363,spheal,Its body is covered in fluffy fur. The fur keeps it from feeling cold while it is rolling on ice.
206,dunsparce,this Pokémon has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backwards.This POKéMON is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
518,musharna,"When dark mists emanate from its body, don’t get too near. If you do, your nightmares will become reality."
436,bronzor,Ancient people believed that the pattern on this Pokémon’s back contained a mysterious power.
794,buzzwole,A mysterious life-form called an Ultra Beast. Witnesses saw it pulverize a dump truck with a single punch.
175,togepi,"It transforms the kindness and joy of others into happiness, which it stores in its shell."
241,miltank,"If it is around babies, the milk it produces contains much more nutrition than usual."
610,axew,They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat. Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong and sharp.
493,arceus,It is told in mythology that this Pokémon was born before the universe even existed.
193,yanma,It can see 360 degrees without moving its eyes. It is a great flier capable of making sudden stops and turning midair to quickly chase down targeted prey.
27,sandshrew,It can roll its body into a ball. It moves through the desert by rolling at high speeds.
70,weepinbell,"this Pokémon has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the POKéMON hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep.If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground."
711,gourgeist,Eerie cries emanate from its body in the dead of night. The sounds are said to be the wails of spirits who are suffering in the afterlife.
538,throh,"When it encounters a foe bigger than itself, it wants to throw it. It changes belts as it gets stronger."
274,nuzleaf,The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
332,cacturne,"If a traveler is going through a desert in the thick of night, this Pokémon will follow in a ragtag group.The POKéMON are biding their time, waiting for the traveler to tire and become incapable of moving."
855,polteageist,"Leaving leftover black tea unattended is asking for this Pokémon to come along and pour itself into it, turning the tea into a new this Pokémon."
151,mew,"When viewed through a microscope, this Pokémon’s short, fine, delicate hair can be seen."
526,gigalith,Compressing the energy from its internal core lets it fire off an attack capable of blowing away a mountain.
446,munchlax,"In its desperation to gulp down food, it forgets about the food it has hidden under its fur."
92,gastly,A being that exists as a thin gas. It can topple an Indian elephant by enveloping the prey in two seconds.
70,weepinbell,It spits out Poison Powder to immobilize the enemy and then finishes it with a spray of Acid.
527,woobat,Its habitat is dark forests and caves. It emits ultrasonic waves from its nose to learn about its surroundings.
352,kecleon,"It can freely change its body’s color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn’t change, however."
34,nidoking,"It swings its big tail around during battle. If its foeflinches, it will charge with its sturdy body."
311,plusle,It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
84,doduo,"this Pokémon’s two heads never sleep at the same time. Its two heads take turns sleeping,so one head can always keep watch for enemies while the other one sleeps."
442,spiritomb,Its constant mischief and misdeeds resulted in it being bound to an Odd Keystone by a mysterious spell.
365,walrein,"It shatters ice with its big tusks. Its thick blubber repels not only the cold, but also enemy attacks."
509,purrloin,"They steal from people for fun, but their victims can’t help but forgive them. Their deceptively cute act is perfect."
60,poliwag,The direction of its belly spiral differs by area. The equator is thought to have an effect on this.
412,burmy,"If its cloak is broken in battle, it quickly remakes the cloak with materials nearby."
148,dragonair,"If its body takes on an aura, the weather changes instantly. It is said to live in seas and lakes."
243,raikou,The rain clouds it carries let it fire thunderbolts at will. They say that it descended with lightning.
408,cranidos,It was resurrected from an iron ball-like fossil. It downs prey with its head butts.
179,mareep,Its fluffy coat swells to double when static electricity builds up. Touching it can be shocking.
334,altaria,"This Pokémon has a kind disposition, but if it’s provoked, it will threaten opponents with shrill cries before attacking them without mercy."
125,electabuzz,"When a storm arrives, gangs of this POKéMON compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to bestricken by lightning bolts. Some towns use this Pokémon in place of lightning rods."
142,aerodactyl,A Pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era. Its teeth are like saw blades.
25,pikachu,"It stores electricity in the electric sacs on its cheeks. When it releases pent-up energy in a burst, the electric power is equal to a lightning bolt."
116,horsea,"If attacked by a larger enemy, it quickly swims to safety by adeptly controlling its well-developed dorsal fin."
170,chinchou,It discharges positive and negative electricity from its antenna tips to shock its foes.
34,nidoking,One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
763,tsareena,"A master of grand and beautiful kicks, it can knock out even kickboxing champions with a single blow."
709,trevenant,"It can control trees at will. It will trap people who harm the forest, so they can never leave."
438,bonsly,"If its body gets too damp, it will die. So, in a process reminiscent of sweating, its eyes expel moisture."
92,gastly,"It wraps its op­ ponent in its gas- like body, slowlyweakening its prey by poisoning it through the skin."
163,hoothoot,"It always stands on one foot. It changes feet sofast, the movement can rarely be seen."
597,ferroseed,They stick their spikes into cave walls and absorb the minerals they find in the rock.
722,rowlet,"During the day, it builds up energy via photosynthesis. At night, it flies silently through the sky, on the prowl for prey."
227,skarmory,The wing feathers it sheds can be processed and made into knives whose sharpness is recognized by the finest chefs.
213,shuckle,"It stores berries inside its shell. To avoid attacks, it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still."
121,starmie,The center section is named the core. People think itis communicating when it glows in 7 colors.
184,azumarill,"this Pokémon’s long ears are indispensable sensors. By focusing its hearing, this Pokémon can identify what kinds of prey are around, even in rough and fast-running rivers."
67,machoke,"this Pokémon’s thoroughly toned muscles possess the hardness of steel. This Pokémon has so much strength, it can easily hold aloft a sumo wrestler on just one finger."
593,jellicent,"The fate of the ships and crew that wander into this Pokémon’s habitat: all sunken, all lost, all vanished."
42,golbat,"When it plunges its fangs into its prey, it instantlydraws and gulps down more than ten ounces of blood."
171,lanturn,this Pokémon’s light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed “The Deep-Sea Star.”
767,wimpod,"An astonishingly cowardly Pokémon, this Pokémon will whir its legs at high speeds to run away if anything comes near it."
247,pupitar,"Its body is as hard as bedrock. By venting pressurized gas, it can launch itself like a rocket."
121,starmie,This Pokémon has an organ known as its core. The organ glows in seven colors when this Pokémon is unleashing its potent psychic powers.
235,smeargle,A special fluid oozes from the tip of its tail. It paints the fluid everywhere to mark its territory.
338,solrock,"Solar energy is the source of its power, so it is strong during the daytime. When it spins, its body shines."
882,dracovish,Powerful legs and jaws made it the apex predator of its time. Its own overhunting of its prey was what drove it to extinction.
690,skrelp,"It drifts in the ocean, blending in with floating seaweed. When other Pokémon come to feast on the seaweed, this Pokémon feasts on them instead."
312,minun,Exposure to electricity from this Pokémon and PLUSLE promotes blood circulation and relaxes muscles.
337,lunatone,"Because it turns active on nights of the full moon, it is said to have some link to the lunar phases."
307,meditite,It meditates to heighten its inner energy and to float in the air. It eats one berry a day.
677,espurr,"It has enough psychic energy to blast everything within 300 feet of itself, but it has no control over its power."
56,mankey,"It lives in groups in the treetops. If it loses sightof its group, it becomes infuriated by its loneliness."
20,raticate,"Its hind feet are webbed. They act as flippers, soit can swim in rivers and hunt for prey."
345,lileep,"This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. this Pokémon once lived in warm seas that existed approximately 100,000,000 years ago."
307,meditite,"It never misses its daily yoga workouts, and it heightens its spiritual power through meditation."
141,kabutops,It is thought that this Pokémon came onto land because its prey adapted to life on land.
233,porygon2,"For the purposes of planetary development, Porygon was updated with the most cutting-edge technology available."
119,seaking,"In the autumn spawning season, they can be seenswimming power­ fully up rivers and creeks."
328,trapinch,It makes a conical pit in desert sand and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
381,latios,"Even in hiding, it can detect the locations of others and sense their emotions since it has telepathy. Its intelligence allows it to understand human languages."
264,linoone,"When running in a straight line, it can top 60 miles per hour. However, it has a tough time with curved roads."
538,throh,They train in groups of five. Any member that can’t keep up will discard its belt and leave the group.
92,gastly,"Almost invisible, this gaseous POKéMON cloaksthe target and puts it to sleep without notice."
173,cleffa,"According to local rumors, this Pokémon are often seen in places where shooting stars have fallen."
236,tyrogue,"Even though it is small, it can’t be ignored because it will slug any handy target without warning."
158,totodile,It has the habit of biting anything with its developed jaws. Even its Trainer needs to be careful.
135,jolteon,"this Pokémon’s cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur,enabling the POKéMON to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles."
63,abra,It senses impending attacks and teleports away to safety before the actual attacks can strike.
700,sylveon,"When this Pokémon sights its prey, it swirls its ribbonlike feelers as a distraction. A moment later, it pounces."
97,hypno,"When it locks eyes with an enemy, it will use a mix of PSI moves such as this PokémonSIS and CONFUSION."
102,exeggcute,"Though it may look like it’s just a bunch of eggs, it’s a proper Pokémon. this Pokémon communicates with others of its kind via telepathy, apparently."
375,metang,"When two BELDUM fuse together, this Pokémon is formed. The brains of the BELDUM are joined by a magnetic nervous system.This POKéMON turns its arms to the rear for traveling at high speed."
56,mankey,"Its raging tires it out and causes it to fall asleep, but the anger resonating in its dreams causes it to wake up—which infuriates it all over again."
115,kangaskhan,There are records of a lost human child being raised by a childless this Pokémon.
118,goldeen,"When it is time for them to lay eggs, they can beseen swimming up rivers and falls in large groups."
724,decidueye,"It fires arrow quills from its wings with such precision, they can pierce a pebble at distances over a hundred yards."
478,froslass,Legends in snowy regions say that a woman who was lost on an icy mountain was reborn as this Pokémon.
61,poliwhirl,The spiral pattern on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it gradually causes drowsiness.
128,tauros,"This POKéMON is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for this Pokémon tobattle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself."
114,tangela,The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. The vines sway as it walks.
525,boldore,"If you see its orange crystals start to glow, be wary. It’s about to fire off bursts of energy."
542,leavanny,"Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves by using the sticky silk secreted from its mouth."
268,cascoon,"Its body, which is made of soft silk, hardens over time. When cracks appear, evolution is near."
748,toxapex,"To survive in the cold waters of Galar, this Pokémon forms a dome with its legs, enclosing its body so it can capture its own body heat."
176,togetic,It grows dispirited if it is not with kind people. It can float in midair without moving its wings.
215,sneasel,A smart and sneaky Pokémon. A pair may work together to steal eggs by having one lure the parents away.
533,gurdurr,"With strengthened bodies, they skillfully wield steel beams to take down buildings."
347,anorith,A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
493,arceus,"It is described in mythology as the Pokémon that shaped the universe with its 1,000 arms."
674,pancham,"It grows up imitating the behavior of Pangoro, which it looks up to as a leader."
5,charmeleon,"It is very hotheaded by nature, so it constantly seeks opponents. It calms down only when it wins."
212,scizor,"Its body is like steel. Its tough, heavy pincers are more suited to smashing enemies than grabbing them."
130,gyarados,"When Magikarp evolves into this Pokémon, its brain cells undergo a structural transformation. It is said that this transformation is to blame for this Pokémon’s wildly violent nature."
483,dialga,A Pokémon spoken of in legend. It is said that time began moving when this Pokémon was born.
149,dragonite,It can fly in spite of its big and bulky physique. It circles the globe in just 16 hours.
266,silcoon,"this Pokémon was thought to endure hunger and not consume anything before its evolution. However, it is now thoughtthat this POKéMON slakes its thirst by drinking rainwater that collects on its silk."
119,seaking,Trainers who are crazy for this Pokémon are divided into horn enthusiasts and fin enthusiasts. The two groups do not get along well.
470,leafeon,"When you see this Pokémon asleep in a patch of sunshine, you’ll know it is using photosynthesis to produce clean air."
29,nidoran-f,"While it does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from barbs can be fatal."
402,kricketune,"By allowing its cry to resonate in the hollow of its belly, it produces a captivating sound."
298,azurill,Its tail bounces like a rubber ball. It flings that tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself.
35,clefairy,"On every night of a full moon, they come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired this Pokémon go to sleep nestled up against each other in deep and quiet mountains."
517,munna,This Pokémon appears before people and Pokémon who are having nightmares and eats those dreams.
489,phione,A Pokémon that lives in warm seas. It inflates the flotation sac on its head to drift and search for food.
298,azurill,"It battles by flinging around its tail, which is bigger than its body. The tail is a flotation device in water."
438,bonsly,It prefers arid environments. It leaks water from its eyes to adjust its body’s fluid levels.
731,pikipek,It can peck at a rate of 16 times a second to drill holes in trees. It uses the holes for food storage and for nesting.
82,magneton,"When rain clouds form, many this Pokémon gather in high places to wait for lightning to strike."
336,seviper,"this Pokémon and ZANGOOSE are eternal rivals. It counters a ZANGOOSE’s dazzling agility with its swordlike tail, which also oozes a horrible poison."
447,riolu,They communicate with one another using their auras. They are able to run all through the night.
12,butterfree,"Its wings, covered with poisonous powder, repel water. This allows it to fly in the rain."
29,nidoran-f,"NIDORAN has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for thissmall-bodied POKéMON. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn."
221,piloswine,"If it charges at an enemy, the hairs on its back stand up straight. It is very sensitive to sound."
508,stoutland,These Pokémon seem to enjoy living with humans. Even a this Pokémon caught in the wild will warm up to people in about three days.
680,doublade,The two swords employ a strategy of rapidly alternating between offense and defense to bring down their prey.
780,drampa,"The mountains it calls home are nearly two miles in height. On rare occasions, it descends to play with the children living in the towns below."
522,blitzle,Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use their flashing manes to communicate with one another.
592,frillish,"If its veil-like arms stun and wrap a foe, that foe will be dragged miles below the surface, never to return."
205,forretress,It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
72,tentacool,"this Pokémon’s body is largely composed of water. If it is removed from the sea, it dries up like parchment.If this POKéMON happens to become dehydrated, put it back into the sea."
415,combee,"At night, this Pokémon sleep in a group of about a thousand, packed closely together in a lump."
28,sandslash,"It curls up, then rolls into foes with its back. Its sharp spines inflict severe damage."
861,grimmsnarl,"With the hair wrapped around its body helping to enhance its muscles, this Pokémon can overwhelm even Machamp."
252,treecko,Small hooks on the bottom of its feet catch on walls and ceilings. That is how it can hang from above.
90,shellder,It swims facing backward by opening and closing its two-piece shell. It is surprisingly fast.
4,charmander,"It has a preference for hot things. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail."
141,kabutops,"It swims at speeds of roughly 29 knots, quickly closing in on its prey and slashing into them with its scythes to finish them off."
126,magmar,this Pokémon dispatches its prey with fire. But it regrets this habit once it realizes that it has burned its intended prey to a charred crisp.
97,hypno,Avoid eye contact if you come across one. It will try to put you to sleep by using its pendulum.
80,slowbro,"Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the Shellder on its tail bites down."
511,pansage,It shares the leaf on its head with weary-looking Pokémon. These leaves are known to relieve stress.
693,clawitzer,It compresses the water it has sucked up and then projects it with enough power to punch a hole right through a thick sheet of iron.
109,koffing,"Its thin, filmy body is filled with gases that cause constant sniffles, coughs and teary eyes."
302,sableye,It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
229,houndoom,"Upon hearing its eerie howls, other Pokémon get the shivers and head straight back to their nests."
649,genesect,This Pokémon existed 300 million years ago. Team Plasma altered it and attached a cannon to its back.
275,shiftry,It lives quietly in the deep forest. It is said to create chilly winter winds with the fans it holds.
215,sneasel,It feeds on eggs stolen from nests. Its sharply hooked claws rip vulnerable spots on prey.
478,froslass,It freezes prey by blowing its -58 degrees F breath. It is said to then secretly display its prey.
482,azelf,"It is thought that UXIE, MESPRIT and this Pokémon all came from the same egg."
63,abra,"It can teleport itself to safety while it’s asleep, but when it wakes, it doesn’t know where it is, so it panics."
156,quilava,"Before battle, it turns its back on its opponent todemonstrate how ferociously its fire blazes."
416,vespiquen,Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by Combee.
90,shellder,Its hard shell repels any kind of attack.It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
76,golem,It is enclosed in a hard shell that is as rugged as slabs of rock. It sheds skin once a year to grow larger.
187,hoppip,"It drifts on winds. It is said that when this Pokémon gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way."
79,slowpoke,"Although slow, it is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten."
34,nidoking,"Its steel-like hide adds to its powerful tackle.Its horns are so hard, they can pierce a diamond."
493,arceus,It is told in mythology that this Pokémon was born before the universe even existed.
39,jigglypuff,"When it wavers its big, round eyes, it begins singing a lullaby that makes everyone drowsy."
462,magnezone,It evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism.
75,graveler,Rolls down slopes to move. It rolls over any obstaclewithout slowing or changing its direction.
15,beedrill,"Its best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off."
33,nidorino,"Its horns contain venom. If they are stabbed intoan enemy, the impact makes the poison leak out."
377,regirock,"A POKéMON that is made entirely of rocks and boulders. If parts of its body chip off in battle, this Pokémon repairs itself by adding new rocks."
341,corphish,Its hardy vitality enables it to adapt to any environment. Its pincers will never release prey.
427,buneary,"If both of this Pokémon’s ears are rolled up, something is wrong with its body or mind. It’s a sure sign the Pokémon is in need of care."
189,jumpluff,"Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes."
205,forretress,It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
203,girafarig,The head on its tail contains a small brain. It can instinctively fight even while facing backward.
292,shedinja,A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit.
196,espeon,"Its fur is so sensitive, it can feel minute shifts in the air and predict the weather...and its foes’ thoughts."
315,roselia,"It uses the different poisons in each hand separately when it attacks. The stronger its aroma, the healthier it is."
42,golbat,"It attacks in a stealthy manner, without warning.Its sharp fangs are used to bite and suck blood."
464,rhyperior,"From holes in its palms, it fires out GEODUDE. Its carapace can withstand volcanic eruptions."
204,pineco,It likes to make its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The additional weight doesn’t bother it.
328,trapinch,It lives in arid deserts. It makes a sloping pit trap in sand where it patiently awaits prey.
67,machoke,"The belt around its waist holds back its energy.Without it, this POKéMON would be unstoppable."
499,pignite,"Whatever it eats becomes fuel for the flame in its stomach. When it is angered, the intensity of the flame increases."
135,jolteon,Every hair on its body starts to stand sharply onend if it becomes charged with electricity.
435,skuntank,It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is over 160 feet.
124,jynx,"this Pokémon walks rhythmically, swaying and shaking its hips as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without giving any thought to what they are doing."
67,machoke,"The belt around its waist holds back its energy. Without it, this Pokémon would be unstoppable."
135,jolteon,"By storing electricity in its body, it can shoot its bristlelike fur like a barrage of missiles."
492,shaymin,It can dissolve toxins in the air to instantly transform ruined land into a lush field of flowers.
43,oddish,It often plants its root feet in the ground during the day and sows seeds as it walks about at night.
74,geodude,"At rest, it looks just like a rock. Carelessly stepping on it will make it swing its fists angrily."
92,gastly,Its thin body is made of gas. It can envelop anopponent of any size and cause suffocation.
365,walrein,"It shatters ice with its big tusks. Its thick blubber repels not only the cold, but also enemy attacks."
74,geodude,"At rest, it looks just like a rock. Carelessly stepping on it will make it swing its fists angrily."
158,totodile,"Its powerful, well-developed jaws are capable of crushing anything. Even its Trainer must be careful."
178,xatu,"Once it begins to meditate at sun­ rise, the entireday will pass before it will move again."
213,shuckle,"It stores berries inside its shell. To avoid attacks, it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still."
238,smoochum,Its lips are the most sensitive part of its body. It always uses its lips first to examine things.
299,nosepass,Its magnetic nose consistently faces north. Travelers check this Pokémon to get their bearings.
562,yamask,These Pokémon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves in past ages. Each retains memories of its former life.
254,sceptile,this Pokémon has seeds growing on its back. They are said to be bursting with nutrients that revitalize trees. This Pokémon raises the trees in a forest with loving care.
548,petilil,The leaves on its head grow right back even if they fall out. These bitter leaves refresh those who eat them.
380,latias,Its body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
417,pachirisu,It’s one of the kinds of Pokémon with electric cheek pouches. It shoots charges from its tail.
446,munchlax,"Anything that looks edible, this Pokémon will go on and swallow whole. Its stomach is tough enough to handle it even if the food has gone rotten."
453,croagunk,"It rarely fights fairly, but that is strictly to ensure survival. It is popular as a mascot."
72,tentacool,"It drifts through the sea searching for prey. Its poisonous tentacles break off sometimes, but after a while, they grow back."
37,vulpix,From its mouth spew flames that seem to resemble the spirits of the deceased. Some people mistakenly think this fire is a ghost.
22,fearow,this Pokémon is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped forcatching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey.
141,kabutops,A slim and fast swimmer. It sliced its prey with its sharp sickles and drank the body fluids.
463,lickilicky,this Pokémon’s strange tongue can stretch to many times the length of its body. No one has figured out how this Pokémon’s tongue can stretch so far.
287,slakoth,"If it eats just three leaves in a day, it is satisfied. Other than that, it sleeps for 20 hours a day."
3,venusaur,"After a rainy day, the flower on its back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon."
286,breloom,It scatters spores from holes in the cap on its head. It loves warm and humid climates. It feeds on trees and plants in fields and forests.
98,krabby,"this Pokémon live on beaches, burrowed inside holes dug into the sand. On sandy beaches with little in the wayof food, these POKéMON can be seen squabbling with each other over territory."
165,ledyba,"It is so timid, it can’t move if it isn’t with a swarm of others. It conveys its feelings with scent."
380,latias,They make a small herd of only several members. They rarely make contact with people or other POKéMON. They disappear if they sense enemies.
675,pangoro,"This Pokémon is quick to anger, and it has no problem using its prodigious strength to get its way. It lives for duels against Obstagoon."
231,phanpy,"this Pokémon uses its long nose to shower itself. When others gather around, they thoroughly douse each other with water. These Pokémon can be seen drying their soaking-wet bodies at the edge of water."
377,regirock,"this Pokémon was sealed away by people long ago. If this POKéMON’s body is damaged in battle, it is said to seekout suitable rocks on its own to repair itself."
359,absol,"Swift as the wind, this Pokémon races through fields and mountains. Its curved, bow-like horn is acutely sensitive to the warning signs of natural disasters."
568,trubbish,This Pokémon was born from a bag stuffed with trash. Galarian Weezing relish the fumes belched by this Pokémon.
309,electrike,"Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed."
192,sunflora,this Pokémon converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm.It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night.
212,scizor,It raises its pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation. It also swings them down dangerously.
778,mimikyu,"A lonely Pokémon, it conceals its terrifying appearance beneath an old rag so it can get closer to people and other Pokémon."
486,regigigas,"It is said to have made Pokémon that look like itself from a special ice mountain, rocks, and magma."
115,kangaskhan,"To avoid crushing the baby it carries inits pouch, it always sleeps standing up."
189,jumpluff,"Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes."
87,dewgong,It loves frigid seas with ice floes. It uses itslong tail to change swimming direction quickly.
823,corviknight,"With their great intellect and flying skills, these Pokémon very successfully act as the Galar region’s airborne taxi service."
317,swalot,It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
89,muk,A toxic fluid seeps from its body. The fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact.
182,bellossom,this Pokémon gather at times and appear to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.
119,seaking,"When the weather grows cold, its whole body flushes a deep red. This sight serves as a poetic reminder that autumn has arrived."
336,seviper,Constant polishing makes the edge of the blade on its tail extremely sharp. It’s Zangoose’s archrival.
65,alakazam,"Its brain cells multiply continu­ ally until itdies. As a result, it remembers everything."
623,golurk,It is said that this Pokémon were ordered to protect people and Pokémon by the ancient people who made them.
666,vivillon,The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.
9,blastoise,The jets of water it spouts from the rocket cannons on its shell can punch through thick steel.
584,vanilluxe,"It blasts blizzards from its two mouths. It can create snow anywhere, so it gets a lot of love from skiers and snowboarders."
55,golduck,It is seen swimming dynamically and elegantly using its well-developed limbs and flippers.
308,medicham,"It is said that through meditation, this Pokémon heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense.This POKéMON hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains."
371,bagon,"Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day."
554,darumaka,"When its internal fire is burning, it cannot calm down and it runs around. When the fire diminishes, it falls asleep."
118,goldeen,"Though it appears very elegant when swimming with fins unfurled, it can jab powerfully with its horn."
801,magearna,It synchronizes its consciousness with others to understand their feelings. This faculty makes it useful for taking care of people.
485,heatran,"Its body is made of rugged steel. However, it is partially melted in spots because of its own heat."
67,machoke,"When it encounters an enemy that’s truly mighty, this Pokémon removes the power-save belt from its waist and unleashes its full power."
95,onix,Burrows at high speed in search of food. The tunnels it leaves are used as homes by Diglett.
672,skiddo,"Thought to be one of the first Pokémon to live in harmony with humans, it has a placid disposition."
448,lucario,"By catching the aura emanating from others, it can read their thoughts and movements."
46,paras,"Whether it’s due to a lack of moisture or a lack of nutrients, in Alola the mushrooms on this Pokémon don’t grow up quite right."
333,swablu,"Its cottony wings are full of air, making them light and fluffy to the touch. this Pokémon takes diligent care of its wings."
55,golduck,Old tales tell of this Pokémon punishing those that defiled its river. The guilty were dragged into the water and taken away.
557,dwebble,"It makes a hole in a suitable rock. If that rock breaks, the Pokémon remains agitated until it locates a replacement."
184,azumarill,"By keeping still and listening intently, it can even tell what is in wild, fast-moving rivers."
70,weepinbell,"When hungry, it swallows anything that moves. Itshapless prey is melted inside by strong acids."
866,mr-rime,Its amusing movements make it very popular. It releases its psychic power from the pattern on its belly.
75,graveler,"A slow walker, it rolls to move. It pays no attention to any object that happens to be in its path."
404,luxio,Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes.
216,teddiursa,"If it finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It alwayslicks its paws because they are soaked with honey."
10,caterpie,"this Pokémon has a voracious appetite. It can devour leaves bigger than its body right before your eyes.From its antenna, this POKéMON releases a terrifically strong odor."
689,barbaracle,"Having an eye on each palm allows it to keep watch in all directions. In a pinch, its limbs start to act on their own to ensure the enemy’s defeat."
428,lopunny,"The ears appear to be delicate. If they are touched roughly, it kicks with its graceful legs."
361,snorunt,It is said that several this Pokémon gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony.
126,magmar,"The scorching fire exhaled by this Pokémon forms heat waves around its body, making it hard to see the Pokémon clearly."
68,machamp,It grasps its opponents with its four arms and twists them up in an intricate hold. People call it “the this Pokémon special.”
257,blaziken,It can clear a 30-story building in a leap. Its fiery punches scorch its foes.
142,aerodactyl,This vicious POKé­ MON is said to have flown in an­cient skies while shrieking high- pitched cries.
65,alakazam,The spoons clutched in its hands are said to have been created by its psychic powers.
62,poliwrath,"With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting."
397,staravia,"They maintain huge flocks, although fierce scuffles break out between various flocks."
622,golett,"The energy that burns inside it enables it to move, but no one has yet been able to identify this energy."
224,octillery,It loves to lurk inside holes in rocks. It sometimes sprays ink on prey by sticking out only its mouth.
683,aromatisse,"Its scent is so overpowering that, unless a Trainer happens to really enjoy the smell, he or she will have a hard time walking alongside it."
226,mantine,"As it majestically swims, it doesn’t care if REMORAID attach to it for scavenging its leftovers."
141,kabutops,this Pokémon once swam underwater to hunt for prey. It was apparently evolving from being a water dweller to living on land as evident from changes in its gills and legs.
640,virizion,A legend tells of this Pokémon working together with Cobalion and Terrakion to protect the Pokémon of the Unova region.
9,blastoise,A brutal POKéMON with pressurized water jets on itsshell. They are used for high speed tackles.
352,kecleon,"It can freely change its body’s color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn’t change, however."
413,wormadam,"When evolving, its body takes in surrounding materials. As a result, there are many body variations."
372,shelgon,It surrounds its body in an iron-hard shell to accumulate enough power to evolve.
234,stantler,Its curved antlers subtly change the flow of air to create a strange space where reality is distorted.
698,amaura,"this Pokémon was restored successfully, but it’s not expected to live long because of the heat of the current environment."
472,gliscor,"If it succeeds in catching even a faint breeze properly, it can circle the globe without flapping once."
30,nidorina,The female’s horns develop slowly. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting.
143,snorlax,"It has no interest in anything other than eating. Even if you climb up on its stomach while it’s napping, it doesn’t seem to mind at all!"
196,espeon,Its fur has the look and feel of velvet. The orb on its forehead glows when it uses psycho-power.
86,seel,"this Pokémon hunts for prey in the frigid sea underneath sheets of ice. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head."
483,dialga,This Pokémon completely controls the flow of time. It uses its power to travel at will through the past and future.
5,charmeleon,"If it becomes agitated during battle, it spoutsintense flames, incinerating its surroundings."
349,feebas,"Ridiculed for its shabby appearance, it is ignored by researchers. It lives in ponds choked with weeds."
213,shuckle,"this Pokémon quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its hard shell while eatingberries it has stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice."
318,carvanha,These Pokémon have sharp fangs and powerful jaws. Sailors avoid this Pokémon dens at all costs.
598,ferrothorn,"By swinging around its three spiky feelers and shooting spikes, it can obliterate an opponent."
341,corphish,this Pokémon catches prey with its sharp claws. It has no likes or dislikes when it comes to food - it will eat anything.This POKéMON has no trouble living in filthy water.
283,surskit,It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
1,bulbasaur,"While it is young, it uses the nutrients that arestored in the seeds on its back in order to grow."
186,politoed,"Whenever three or more of these get together, they sing in a loud voice that sounds like bellowing."
362,glalie,"this Pokémon has the ability to freely control ice. For example, it can instantly freeze its foe solid.After immobilizing its foe in ice, this POKéMON enjoys eating it in leisurely fashion."
462,magnezone,"Sometimes the magnetism emitted by this Pokémon is too strong, making them attract each other so they cannot move."
145,zapdos,This legendary bird POKéMON is said to appearwhen the sky turns dark and lightning showers down.
37,vulpix,"Inside this Pokémon’s body burns a flame that never goes out. During the daytime, when the temperatures rise, this Pokémon releases flames from its mouth to prevent its body from growing too hot."
88,grimer,"this Pokémon’s sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any opening, however small it may be.This POKéMON enters sewer pipes to drink filthy wastewater."
330,flygon,"this Pokémon is nicknamed “the elemental spirit of the desert.” Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand,this POKéMON is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying."
373,salamence,It becomes uncontrollable if it is enraged. It destroys everything with shredding claws and fire.
479,rotom,Its body is composed of plasma. It is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc.
126,magmar,"Found near the mouth of a volcano. This fire-breather’s body temperature is nearly 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit."
449,hippopotas,"It moves through the sands with its mouth open, swallowing sand along with its prey. It gets rid of the sand by spouting it from its nose."
119,seaking,It makes its nest by hollowing out boulders in streams with its horn. It defends its eggs with its life.
257,blaziken,"Flames spout from its wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes."
530,excadrill,It’s not uncommon for tunnels that appear to have formed naturally to actually be a result of this Pokémon’s rampant digging.
460,abomasnow,It lives a quiet life on mountains that are perpetually covered in snow. It hides itself by whipping up blizzards.
246,larvitar,"It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it falls asleep so it can grow."
198,murkrow,"If spotted, it will lure an unwary person into chasing it then lose the pursuer on mountain trails."
55,golduck,It is seen swimming dynamically and elegantly using its well-developed limbs and flippers.
59,arcanine,Its magnificent bark conveys a sense of majesty. Anyone hearing it can’t help but grovel before it.
445,garchomp,Its fine scales don’t just reduce wind resistance—their sharp edges also cause injury to any opponent who attacks it.
469,yanmega,This six-legged Pokémon is easily capable of transporting an adult in flight. The wings on its tail help it stay balanced.
685,slurpuff,"Its sense of smell is 100 million times better than a human’s, so even the faintest scent tells it about everything in the area. It’s like it can see with its nose!"
380,latias,"this Pokémon is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses any hostility, this POKéMON ruffles thefeathers all over its body and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe."
533,gurdurr,This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly built that even a group of wrestlers could not make it budge an inch.
128,tauros,"This Pokémon is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for this Pokémon to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself."
744,rockruff,"This Pokémon intimidates opponents by striking the ground with the rocks on its neck. The moment an opponent flinches, this Pokémon attacks."
447,riolu,"It uses waves called auras to communicate with others of its kind. It doesn’t make any noise during this time, so its enemies can’t detect it."
424,ambipom,"Split into two, the tails are so adept at handling and doing things, this Pokémon rarely uses its hands."
540,sewaddle,This Pokémon makes clothes for itself. It chews up leaves and sews them with sticky thread extruded from its mouth.
60,poliwag,"Its skin is so thin, its internal organs are visible. It has trouble walking on its newly grown feet."
189,jumpluff,Drifts on seasonal winds and spreads its cotton-likespores all over the world to make more offspring.
92,gastly,"With its gas-like body, it can sneak into any place it desires. However, it can be blown away by wind."
746,wishiwashi,"It’s awfully weak and notably tasty, so everyone is always out to get it. As it happens, anyone trying to bully it receives a painful lesson."
83,farfetchd,"They live where reedy plants grow. Farfetch’d are rarely seen, so it’s thought their numbers are decreasing."
245,suicune,It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
252,treecko,"this Pokémon is cool, calm, and collected - it never panics under any situation. If a bigger foe were to glare at thisPOKéMON, it would glare right back without conceding an inch of ground."
583,vanillish,"They cool down the surrounding air and create ice particles, which they use to freeze their foes."
305,lairon,"During territorial disputes, this Pokémon fight by slamming into each other. Close inspection of their steel armor reveals scratches and dents."
391,monferno,It uses ceilings and walls to launch aerial attacks. Its fiery tail is but one weapon.
141,kabutops,this Pokémon swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient times. The POKéMON was apparently evolvingfrom being a water-dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs.
230,kingdra,It is said that it usually hides in underwater caves.It can create whirlpools by yawning.
436,bronzor,"X-ray photos were taken to check its body structure. Nothing appeared, however."
373,salamence,"As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out."
435,skuntank,It digs holes in the ground to make its nest. The stench of the fluid it lets fly from the tip of its tail is extremely potent.
9,blastoise,The waterspouts that protrude from its shell are highly accurate. Their bullets of water can precisely nail tin cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
321,wailord,It can sometimes knock out opponents with the shock created by breaching and crashing its big body onto the water.
286,breloom,The seeds ringing this Pokémon’s tail are made of hardened toxic spores. It is horrible to eat the seeds. Just taking a bite of this Pokémon’s seed will cause your stomach to rumble.
399,bidoof,A comparison revealed that this Pokémon’s front teeth grow at the same rate as Rattata’s.
222,corsola,They prefer unpolluted southern seas. Their coral branches lose their color and deteriorate in dirty water.
517,munna,"Late at night, it appears beside people’s pillows. As it feeds on dreams, the patterns on its body give off a faint glow."
121,starmie,Its sparkling core is called “the gem of the sea.” This core can be made into high-priced accessories that are traded in secret.
226,mantine,"If it builds up enough speed swimming, it can fly over 300 feet out of the water from the surface of the ocean."
157,typhlosion,"It has a secret, devastating move. It rubs its blaz­ ing fur together to cause huge explosions."
5,charmeleon,"In the rocky mountains where this Pokémon live, their fiery tails shine at night like stars."
291,ninjask,"Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap."
224,octillery,It obscures its foe’s vision by spitting a cloud of murky ink. It makes its nest among boulders.
45,vileplume,"In seasons when it produces more pollen, the air around a this Pokémon turns yellow with the powder as it walks. The pollen is highly toxic and causes paralysis."
67,machoke,"A belt is worn by a this Pokémon to keep its overwhelming power under control. Because it is so dangerous, no one has ever removed the belt."
708,phantump,These Pokémon are stumps possessed by the spirits of children who died in the forest. Their cries sound like eerie screams.
702,dedenne,"It sneaks into people’s homes and steals electricity from their outlets. When your electric bill seems off, it’s the handiwork of this rascal."
430,honchkrow,It is merciless by nature. It is said that it never forgives the mistakes of its MURKROW followers.
636,larvesta,The base of volcanoes is where they make their homes. They shoot fire from their five horns to repel attacking enemies.
204,pineco,It spits out a fluid that it uses to glue tree barkto its body. The fluid hardens when it touches air.
316,gulpin,"Virtually all of this Pokémon’s body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size. This Pokémon’s stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything."
104,cubone,"this Pokémon pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull the Pokémon wears are made by the tears it sheds."
670,floette,It flutters around fields of flowers and cares for flowers that are starting to wilt. It draws out the hidden power of flowers to battle.
251,celebi,"It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times."
676,furfrou,There was an era when aristocrats would compete to see who could trim their this Pokémon’s fur into the most exquisite style.
292,shedinja,this Pokémon is a peculiar Pokémon. It seems to appear unsought in a Poké Ball after a Nincada evolves. This bizarre Pokémon is entirely immobile—it doesn’t even breathe.
113,chansey,A kindly Pokémon that lays highly nutritious eggs and shares them with injured Pokémon or people.
318,carvanha,this Pokémon’s strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls.Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this POKéMON.
699,aurorus,"When gripped by rage, this Pokémon will emanate freezing air, covering everything around it in ice."
209,snubbull,"Although it looks frightening, it is actually kind and affectionate. It is very popular among women."
235,smeargle,"It draws symbols all over the place to mark its territory. In towns with many this Pokémon, the walls are covered in graffiti."
94,gengar,"It apparently wishes for a traveling companion. Since it was once human itself, it tries to create one by taking the lives of other humans."
32,nidoran-m,"The horn on a male Nidoran’s forehead contains a powerful poison. This is a very cautious Pokémon, always straining its large ears."
56,mankey,"The smallest of things could cause it to lose its temper. Because it doesn’t hold in its stress, this Pokémon can live a long time."
177,natu,"Because its wings aren’t yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something."
177,natu,"Because its wings aren’t yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something."
156,quilava,Be careful if it turns its back during battle. It means that it will attack with the fire on its back.
248,tyranitar,"If it rampages, it knocks down mountains and buries rivers. Maps must be redrawn afterward."
13,weedle,It eats its weight in leaves every day. It fends off attackers with the needle on its head.
518,musharna,The dream mist coming from its forehead changes into many different colors depending on the dream that was eaten.
72,tentacool,"It drifts aimlessly in waves. Very difficult to see in water, it may not be noticed until it stings."
316,gulpin,"It has a small heart and brain. Its stomach comprises most of its body, with enzymes to dissolve anything."
593,jellicent,Most of this Pokémon’s body composition is identical to sea water. It makes sunken ships its lair.
635,hydreigon,The heads on their arms do not have brains. They use all three heads to consume and destroy everything.
343,baltoy,It moves by spinning on its foot. It is a rare Pokémon that was discovered in ancient ruins.
2,ivysaur,Exposure to sunlight adds to its strength. Sunlight also makes the bud on its back grow larger.
23,ekans,"It can freely detach its jaw to swallow large prey whole. It can become too heavy to move, however."
11,metapod,A steel-hard shell protects its tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution.
472,gliscor,"It observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. When the chance presents itself, it swoops!"
206,dunsparce,"When spotted, this Pokémon escapes backward by furiously boring into the ground with its tail."
44,gloom,"The honey it drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away."
652,chesnaught,"When it takes a defensive posture with its fists guarding its face, it could withstand a bomb blast."
429,mismagius,"It chants incantations. While they usually torment targets, some chants bring happiness."
148,dragonair,this Pokémon stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter weather conditions in its vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on its neck and tail.
123,scyther,It is nearly impossible to parry its attacking scythes. Its movements are like a ninja’s.
139,omastar,"Apparently, it cracked SHELLDER's shell with itssharp fangs and sucked out the insides."
97,hypno,"Seeing its swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up."
601,klinklang,Its red core functions as an energy tank. It fires the charged energy through its spikes into an area.
235,smeargle,"It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks."
443,gible,"Its original home is an area much hotter than Alola. If you’re planning to live with one, your heating bill will soar."
442,spiritomb,Its constant mischief and misdeeds resulted in it being bound to an Odd Keystone by a mysterious spell.
182,bellossom,"Plentiful in the tropics. When it dances, its petals rub together and make a pleasant ringing sound."
697,tyrantrum,"Thanks to its gargantuan jaws, which could shred thick metal plates as if they were paper, it was invincible in the ancient world it once inhabited."
444,gabite,It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves and hoards the loot in its nest.
254,sceptile,The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
271,lombre,"In the evening, it takes great delight in popping out of rivers and startling people. It feeds on aquatic moss that grows on rocks in the riverbed."
409,rampardos,"The result of repeated headbutts is a skull grown thick and hard. However, its brain has shrunk in size compared with Cranidos’s."
424,ambipom,"They work in large colonies and make rings by linking their tails, apparently in friendship."
88,grimer,Sludge exposed to X rays from the moon transformed into this Pokémon. It loves feeding on filthy things.
500,emboar,It has mastered fast and powerful fighting moves. It grows a beard of fire.
81,magnemite,It moves while constantly hovering. It discharges THUNDER WAVE and so on from the units at its sides.
19,rattata,"It searches for food all day. It gnaws on hard objects to wear down its fangs, which grow constantly during its lifetime."
230,kingdra,"It sleeps quietly, deep on the seafloor. When it comes up to the surface, it creates a huge whirlpool that can swallow even ships."
257,blaziken,this Pokémon has incredibly strong legs - it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap.This POKéMON’s blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened.
242,blissey,The eggs it lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone.
131,lapras,"They have gentle hearts. Because they rarely fight, many have been caught. Their number has dwindled."
747,mareanie,"It plunges the poison spike on its head into its prey. When the prey has weakened, this Pokémon deals the finishing blow with its 10 tentacles."
648,meloetta,The melodies sung by this Pokémon have the power to make Pokémon that hear them happy or sad.
197,umbreon,"When darkness falls, the rings on its body begin to glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby."
689,barbaracle,"When they evolve, two Binacle multiply into seven. They fight with the power of seven Binacle."
306,aggron,"It claims an entire mountain as its own. The more wounds it has, the more it has battled, so don’t take it lightly."
287,slakoth,The way this Pokémon lolls around makes anyone who watches it feel like doing the same.
500,emboar,It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends.
247,pupitar,"It will not stay still, even while it's a pupa. Italready has arms and legs under its solid shell."
596,galvantula,"It lays traps of electrified threads near the nests of bird Pokémon, aiming to snare chicks that are not yet good at flying."
424,ambipom,"Split into two, the tails are so adept at handling and doing things, this Pokémon rarely uses its hands."
24,arbok,The pattern on its belly is for intimidation. It constricts foes while they are frozen in fear.
140,kabuto,It is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell.
24,arbok,"Transfixing prey with the face-like pattern on its belly, it binds and poisons the frightened victim."
110,weezing,"This Pokémon lives and grows by absorbing poison gas, dust, and germs that exist inside garbage."
64,kadabra,"If it uses its abilities, it emits special alpha waves that cause machines to malfunction."
515,panpour,The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. Plants that receive its water grow large.
331,cacnea,It lives in arid locations. Its yellow flowers bloom once a year.
407,roserade,"Luring prey with a sweet scent, it uses poison whips on its arms to poison, bind, and finish off the prey."
484,palkia,It has the ability to distort space. It is described as a deity in Sinnoh-region mythology.
625,bisharp,"No matter how strong the this Pokémon, it’s said that if the blade on its head is chipped, it will retire from its position as the boss."
361,snorunt,"In the snow country, certain folklore says a house will prosper if a this Pokémon lives there."
293,whismur,"Usually, its cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane."
215,sneasel,this Pokémon scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. This Pokémon seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
795,pheromosa,"A life-form that lives in another world, its body is thin and supple, but it also possesses great power."
218,slugma,"Its body is made of magma. If it doesn’t keep moving, its body will cool and harden."
224,octillery,"It traps foes with the suction cups on its tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head."
276,taillow,It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
300,skitty,It’s adorable when it chases its own tail. It’s difficult to earn its trust.
27,sandshrew,"To protect itself from attackers, it curls up into a ball. It lives in arid regions with minimal rainfall."
225,delibird,It carries food rolled up in its tail. It has the habit of sharing food with people lost in mountains.
65,alakazam,A POKéMON that can memorize anything. It never forgetswhat it learns-- that's why this POKéMON is smart.
586,sawsbuck,"They migrate according to the seasons, so some people call this Pokémon the harbingers of spring."
567,archeops,"They are intelligent and will cooperate to catch prey. From the ground, they use a running start to take flight."
595,joltik,"They attach themselves to large-bodied Pokémon and absorb static electricity, which they store in an electric pouch."
128,tauros,"A rowdy Pokémon with a lot of stamina. Once running, it won’t stop until it hits something."
225,delibird,It wraps food in its tail to carry it around. The this Pokémon with the biggest tail is the boss of the flock!
144,articuno,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird POKéMON that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air.As a result, it is said that when this POKéMON flies, snow will fall."
196,espeon,The tip of its forked tail quivers when it is predicting its opponent’s next move.
305,lairon,"this Pokémon feeds on iron contained in rocks and water. It makes its nest on mountains where iron ore is buried. As a result, the Pokémon often clashes with humans mining the iron ore."
462,magnezone,"A group tried to use scientific means to make this Pokémon evolve, but their efforts ended in failure."
139,omastar,Its heavy shell is thought to be the reason this ancient Pokémon died out. It’s apparently a distant ancestor of Octillery.
491,darkrai,"Folklore has it that on moonless nights, this Pokémon will make people see horrific nightmares."
213,shuckle,It stores berries in its shell. The berries eventually ferment to become delicious juices.
121,starmie,"This POKéMON has a geometric body. Because of its body, the locals suspect that it is an alien creature."
96,drowzee,Puts enemies to sleep then eats their dreams.Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams.
191,sunkern,It lives by drinking only dewdrops from under the leaves of plants. It is said that it eats nothing else.
117,seadra,"It’s the males that raise the offspring. While this Pokémon are raising young, the spines on their backs secrete thicker and stronger poison."
228,houndour,this Pokémon hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey.This POKéMON’s remarkable teamwork is unparalleled.
5,charmeleon,"Tough fights could excite this Pokémon. When excited, it may breathe out bluish-white flames."
260,swampert,"Its arms are hard as rock. With one swing, it can break a boulder into pieces."
168,ariados,"It attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends."
74,geodude,"The longer a this Pokémon lives, the more its edges are chipped and worn away, making it more rounded in appearance.However, this POKéMON’s heart will remain hard, craggy, and rough always."
434,stunky,"It sprays a nose-curling, stinky fluid from its rear to repel attackers."
295,exploud,Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
107,hitmonchan,The spirit of a pro boxer has infused this Pokémon. It throws punches that are faster than a bullet train.
166,ledian,"In battle, it throws punches with all four arms. The power of each individual blow is piddly, so it aims to win by quantity rather than quality."
157,typhlosion,"It has a secret, devastating move. It rubs its blazing fur together to cause huge explosions."
177,natu,"Because its wings aren't yet fully grown, it has tohop to get around. It is always star­ ing at something."
675,pangoro,this Pokémon is the type to talk with its fists. It doesn’t say much as it pummels opponents with enough force to send a dump truck flying.
291,ninjask,"Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap."
142,aerodactyl,this Pokémon’s sawlike fangs can shred skin to tatters—even the skin of Steel-type Pokémon.
615,cryogonal,"When the weather gets hot, these Pokémon turn into water vapor. this Pokémon are almost never seen during summer."
46,paras,"As its body grows, large mushrooms named tochukaso start sprouting out of its back."
426,drifblim,"The raw material for the gas inside its body is souls. When its body starts to deflate, it’s thought to carry away people and Pokémon."
632,durant,"They attack in groups, covering themselves in steel armor to protect themselves from Heatmor."
455,carnivine,"Using its tentacles to lash itself to trees, it lies in wait for prey, luring it close with sweet-smelling drool."
258,mudkip,Its large tail fin propels it through water with powerful acceleration. It is strong in spite of its size.
382,kyogre,It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
254,sceptile,It agilely leaps about the jungle and uses the sharp leaves on its arms to strike its prey.
309,electrike,"this Pokémon runs faster than the human eye can follow. The friction from running is converted into electricity, which is then stored in this Pokémon’s fur."
224,octillery,"The ink it spits when escaping is special. It contains a substance that dulls the sense of smell, so Pokémon with keen noses get lost."
380,latias,this Pokémon is highly intelligent and capable of understanding human speech. It is covered with a glass-like down. The Pokémon enfolds its body with its down and refracts light to alter its appearance.
888,zacian,"Known as a legendary hero, this Pokémon absorbs metal particles, transforming them into a weapon it uses to battle."
251,celebi,"It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times."
676,furfrou,Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes it more elegant but also increases the swiftness of its movements.
435,skuntank,It attacks by spraying a horribly smelly fluid from the tip of its tail. Attacks from above confound it.
152,chikorita,"In battle, this Pokémon waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also waftsfrom the leaf, becalming the battling POKéMON and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around."
433,chingling,"There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound."
159,croconaw,"If it loses a fang, a new one grows back in itsplace. There are always 48 fangs lining its mouth."
581,swanna,this Pokémon start to dance at dusk. The one dancing in the middle is the leader of the flock.
257,blaziken,"In battle, this Pokémon blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this Pokémon’s wrists burn."
43,oddish,"During the day, it stays in the cold underground to avoid the sun. It grows by bathing in moonlight."
517,munna,This Pokémon appears before people and Pokémon who are having nightmares and eats those dreams.
114,tangela,The blue vines shrouding its body are covered in a growth of fine hair. It is known to be ticklish.
95,onix,It usually lives underground. It searches for food while boring its way through the ground at 50 miles per hour.
161,sentret,"It stands on its tail so it can see a long way. If itspots an enemy, it cries loudly to warn its kind."
237,hitmontop,It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by ten.
416,vespiquen,It raises grubs in the holes in its body. It secretes pheromones to control COMBEE.
167,spinarak,It spins a web using fine--but durable--thread.It then waits pa­ tiently for prey to be trapped.
303,mawile,"It has two mouths. The big jaws on the back of its head can’t taste anything, so that’s the mouth it uses to eat foods it doesn’t like."
491,darkrai,"To protect itself, it afflicts those around it with nightmares. However, it means no harm."
337,lunatone,"Because it turns active on nights of the full moon, it is said to have some link to the lunar phases."
329,vibrava,"this Pokémon’s wings have not yet completed the process of growing. Rather than flying long distances, they are more useful for generating ultrasonic waves by vibrating."
38,ninetales,"It is said to live a thousand years, and each of itstails is loaded with supernatural powers."
425,drifloon,"Because of the way it floats aimlessly, an old folktale calls it a “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.”"
146,moltres,One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring.
578,duosion,"Its brain has split into two, and the two halves rarely think alike. Its actions are utterly unpredictable."
27,sandshrew,"It lives in areas of limited rainfall. When danger approaches, it curls up into a ball to protect its soft stomach."
436,bronzor,They are found in ancient tombs. The patterns on their backs are said to be imbued with mysterious power.
631,heatmor,"There’s a hole in its tail that allows it to draw in the air it needs to keep its fire burning. If the hole gets blocked, this Pokémon will fall ill."
350,milotic,Its lovely scales are described as rainbow colored. They change color depending on the viewing angle.
9,blastoise,"Once it takes aim at its enemy, it blasts out water with even more force than a fire hose."
397,staravia,"They maintain huge flocks, although fierce scuffles break out between various flocks."
271,lombre,"this Pokémon’s entire body is covered by a slippery, slimy film. It feels horribly unpleasant to be touched by thisPOKéMON’s hands. this Pokémon is often mistaken for a human child."
116,horsea,Known to shoot down flying bugs with precisionblasts of ink from the surface of the water.
430,honchkrow,"Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous Murkrow in tow."
414,mothim,"While it loves floral honey, it won’t gather any itself. Instead, it plots to steal some from Combee."
737,charjabug,Its stout shell provides excellent defense from attacks. It uses electricity on persistent opponents.
171,lanturn,this Pokémon’s light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed “The Deep-Sea Star.”
152,chikorita,It uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe.
196,espeon,"Its fur is so sensitive, it can sense minute shifts in the air and predict the weather."
305,lairon,It habitually shows off its strength with the size of sparks it creates by ramming its steel body into boulders.
26,raichu,"If the electric pouches in its cheeks becomefully charged, both ears will stand straight up."
751,dewpider,It forms a water bubble at the rear of its body and then covers its head with it. Meeting another this Pokémon means comparing water-bubble sizes.
595,joltik,this Pokémon latch on to other Pokémon and suck out static electricity. They’re often found sticking to Yamper’s hindquarters.
69,bellsprout,It prefers hot and humid environments. It is quick at capturing prey with its vines.
214,heracross,"This powerful Pokémon thrusts its prized horn under its enemies’ bellies, then lifts and throws them."
239,elekid,"When it’s in a house, electrical outlets serve as its baby bottles. It sucks down electricity."
271,lombre,"It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere."
140,kabuto,"It is a POKéMON that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in rare cases, living examples have been discovered. this Pokémon have not changed for 300 million years."
165,ledyba,It is timid and clusters together with others. Thefluid secreted by its feet indicates its location.
470,leafeon,"It basically does not fight. With cells similar to those of plants, it can perform photosynthesis."
708,phantump,"After a lost child perished in the forest, their spirit possessed a tree stump, causing the spirit’s rebirth as this Pokémon."
265,wurmple,"Often targeted by bird Pokémon, it desperately resists by releasing poison from its tail spikes."
268,cascoon,"It endures attacks with patience, because the more pain before evolution, the sturdier it becomes."
51,dugtrio,A team of DIGLETT triplets. It triggers hugeearthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.
214,heracross,"this Pokémon charges in a straight line at its foe, slips beneath the foe’s grasp, and then scoops up and hurls theopponent with its mighty horn. This POKéMON even has enough power to topple a massive tree."
404,luxio,Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes.
471,glaceon,"The coldness emanating from this Pokémon causes powdery snow to form, making it quite a popular Pokémon at ski resorts."
68,machamp,"Using its heavy muscles, it throws powerful punchesthat can send the victim clear over the horizon."
635,hydreigon,The heads on their arms do not have brains. They use all three heads to consume and destroy everything.
639,terrakion,Its charge is strong enough to break through a giant castle wall in one blow. This Pokémon is spoken of in legends.
318,carvanha,It lives in massive rivers that course through jungles. It swarms prey that enter its territory.
15,beedrill,It can take down any opponent with its powerful poi­son stingers. It sometimes attacks in swarms.
14,kakuna,"Almost incapable of moving, this POKéMON can only harden its shell to protect itself when it is in danger."
704,goomy,It’s covered in a slimy membrane that makes any punches or kicks slide off it harmlessly.
709,trevenant,"This Pokémon is said to devour anyone daring to ravage the forest. To the creatures dwelling in the forest, it offers great kindness."
435,skuntank,It sprays a stinky fluid from its tail. The fluid smells worse the longer it is allowed to fester.
56,mankey,"It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason."
724,decidueye,"As if wielding a bow, it launches the arrow quills hidden among the feathers of its wings. this Pokémon’s shots never miss."
164,noctowl,Its extremely soft feathers make no sound in flight.It silently sneaks up on prey without being detected.
705,sliggoo,"This Pokémon’s mucous can dissolve anything. Toothless, it sprays mucous on its prey. Once they’re nicely dissolved, it slurps them up."
256,combusken,"During a battle, the hot flame in its body increases. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power."
132,ditto,"this Pokémon rearranges its cell structure to transform itself into other shapes. However, if it tries to transform itselfinto something by relying on its memory, this POKéMON manages to get details wrong."
139,omastar,It is thought that this Pokémon became extinct because its spiral shell grew too large.
281,kirlia,It is highly perceptive of its Trainer’s feelings. It dances when it is feeling happy.
329,vibrava,"It violently shudders its wings, generating ultrasonic waves to induce headaches in people."
74,geodude,"At rest, it looks just like a rock. Carelessly stepping on it will make it swing its fists angrily."
502,dewott,"As a result of strict training, each this Pokémon learns different forms for using the scalchops."
627,rufflet,"They crush berries with their talons. They bravely stand up to any opponent, no matter how strong it is."
414,mothim,"While it loves floral honey, it won’t gather any itself. Instead, it plots to steal some from Combee."
36,clefable,"this Pokémon moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water.It is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights."
177,natu,"It picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move."
279,pelipper,Gathering food is the work of young males. They store food in their capacious beaks and carry it back to others waiting in the nest.
279,pelipper,"It is a messenger of the skies, carrying small Pokémon and eggs to safety in its bill."
356,dusclops,Its body is hollow. It is said that those who look into its body are sucked into the void.
97,hypno,It carries a pendulum-like device. There once was an incident in which it took away a child it this Pokémontized.
1,bulbasaur,There is a plant seed on its back right from the day this POKéMON is born. The seed slowly grows larger.
422,shellos,"While they normally live in the sea, they can function on land, too, until their skin dries out."
62,poliwrath,"Its body is solid muscle. When swimming through cold seas, this Pokémon uses its impressive arms to smash through drift ice and plow forward."
164,noctowl,"When it turns its head entirely upside down, you know it’s troubled by something. If you don’t leave it be, it will peck you."
10,caterpie,"If you touch the feeler on top of its head, it willrelease a horrible stink to protect itself."
259,marshtomp,"Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep."
202,wobbuffet,It desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret.
628,braviary,"For the sake of its friends, this brave warrior of the sky will not stop battling, even if injured."
112,rhydon,It begins walking on its hind legs after evolution. It can punch holes through boulders with its horn.
294,loudred,"this Pokémon’s ears serve as speakers, and they can put out sound waves powerful enough to blow away a house."
54,psyduck,"This Pokémon is troubled by constant headaches. The more pain it’s in, the more powerful its psychokinesis becomes."
485,heatran,"Its body is made of rugged steel. However, it is partially melted in spots because of its own heat."
33,nidorino,"Quick to anger, it stabs enemies with its horn to injecta powerful poison when it becomes agitated."
94,gengar,"Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you.It is actually a this Pokémon running past you, pretending to be your shadow."
457,lumineon,this Pokémon swimming in the darkness of the deep sea look like stars shining in the night sky.
303,mawile,It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.
220,swinub,"It has a very sensitive nose. It can locate mushrooms, berries, and even hot springs buried under ice."
185,sudowoodo,"Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears more similar to rock than to vegetation."
274,nuzleaf,The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
263,zigzagoon,It walks in zigzag fashion. It’s good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
216,teddiursa,This POKéMON likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. this Pokémon concocts its own honey byblending fruits and pollen collected by BEEDRILL.
127,pinsir,"It grips prey with its pincers until the prey is torn in half. What it can’t tear, it tosses far."
166,ledian,"It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live this Pokémon in countless numbers.There is a good reason for this - the POKéMON uses the light of the stars as its energy."
594,alomomola,The reason it helps Pokémon in a weakened condition is that any Pokémon coming after them may also attack this Pokémon.
171,lanturn,"This POKéMON uses the bright part of its body, whichchanged from a dorsal fin, to lure prey."
473,mamoswine,"A frozen this Pokémon was dug from ice dating back 10,000 years. This Pokémon has been around a long, long, long time."
20,raticate,The webs on its hind legs enable it to crossrivers. It search­ es wide areas for food.
283,surskit,"If this Pokémon senses danger, it secretes a thick, sugary syrup from the tip of its head.There are some POKéMON that love eating this syrup."
93,haunter,"It hides in the dark, planning to take the life ofthe next living thing that wanders close by."
125,electabuzz,Electricity leaks from it in amounts far greater than the amount of electricity it eats.
720,hoopa,"In its true form, it possess a huge amount of power. Legends of its avarice tell how it once carried off an entire castle to gain the treasure hidden within."
248,tyranitar,"this Pokémon is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. This Pokémon wanders about in mountains seeking new opponents to fight."
372,shelgon,"Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves."
149,dragonite,"It flies over raging seas as if they were nothing. Observing this, a ship’s captain dubbed this Pokémon “the sea incarnate.”"
24,arbok,"With a very vengeful nature, it won’t give up the chase, no matter how far, once it targets its prey."
287,slakoth,"If it eats just three leaves in a day, it is satisfied. Other than that, it sleeps for 20 hours a day."
490,manaphy,It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond with any kind of Pokémon.
335,zangoose,Its fur would all stand on end if it smelled a Seviper nearby. Its sharp claws tear up its foes.
174,igglybuff,"It likes to sing but is not yet good at it. With praise and encouragement, it will get better little by little."
476,probopass,It freely controls three small units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force.
473,mamoswine,"This Pokémon can be spotted in wall paintings from as far back as 10,000 years ago. For a while, it was thought to have gone extinct."
47,parasect,"this Pokémon is known to infest large trees en masse and drain nutrients from the lower trunk and roots.When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once."
264,linoone,"It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails."
780,drampa,"It has a compassionate personality, but if it is angered, it completely destroys its surroundings with its intense breath."
341,corphish,"It came from overseas. It is a very hardy creature that will quickly proliferate, even in polluted streams."
91,cloyster,Slowpoke tails are its favorite food. It has even been known to come up on land to look for Slowpoke from time to time.
113,chansey,"Few in number and difficult to cap­ ture, it is saidto bring happiness to the trainer who catches it."
311,plusle,It absorbs electricity from telephone poles. It shorts out its body to create crackling noises.
551,sandile,They live hidden under hot desert sands in order to keep their body temperature from dropping.
384,rayquaza,It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
121,starmie,The middle section of its body is called the core. It glows in a different color each time it is seen.
703,carbink,It has slept underground for hundreds of millions of years since its birth. It’s occasionally found during the excavation of caves.
199,slowking,Being bitten by Shellder gave it intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists.
114,tangela,"Many writhing vines cover it, so its true identity remains unknown. The blue vines grow its whole life long."
43,oddish,"It may be mistaken for a clump of weeds. If you try to yank it out of the ground, it shrieks horribly."
222,corsola,"Pursued by Mareanie for the branches on its head, this Pokémon will sometimes snap its own branches off as a diversion while it escapes."
539,sawk,The karate chops of a this Pokémon that’s trained itself to the limit can cleave the ocean itself.
376,metagross,"Because the magnetic powers of these Pokémon get stronger in freezing temperatures, this Pokémon living on snowy mountains are full of energy."
186,politoed,"If Poliwag and Poliwhirl hear its echoing cry, they respond by gathering from far and wide."
475,gallade,"When trying to protect someone, it extends its elbows as if they were swords and fights savagely."
611,fraxure,"A broken tusk will not grow back, so it diligently sharpens its tusks on river rocks after the end of a battle."
517,munna,"It eats dreams and releases mist. The mist is pink when it’s eating a good dream, and black when it’s eating a nightmare."
483,dialga,A Pokémon spoken of in legend. It is said that time began moving when this Pokémon was born.
140,kabuto,"Three hundred million years ago, it hid on the seafloor. It also has eyes on its back that glow."
169,crobat,"If this POKéMON is flying by fluttering only a pair of wings on either the forelegs or hind legs, it’s proof thatthis Pokémon has been flying a long distance. It switches the wings it uses if it is tired."
63,abra,"Even while asleep, it maintains a telepathic radar. It teleports when it is threatened."
227,skarmory,"this Pokémon is entirely encased in hard, protective armor. This Pokémon flies at close to 190 mph. It slashes foes with its wings that possess swordlike cutting edges."
663,talonflame,"When attacking prey, it can reach speeds of up to 310 mph. It finishes its prey off with a colossal kick."
802,marshadow,"By slipping into the shadow of a martial arts master and copying their movements, this Pokémon learned the ultimate techniques."
71,victreebel,"Once ingested into this Pokémon’s body, even the hardest object will melt into nothing."
5,charmeleon,"When it swings its burning tail, it elevates the air temperature to unbearably high levels."
173,cleffa,It is often seen when shooting stars fill the night skies. It’s said to arrive riding on a shooting star.
33,nidorino,"Its horn is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might."
29,nidoran-f,"Although not very combative, it will torment its foes with poison spikes if it is threatened in any way."
287,slakoth,The way this Pokémon lolls around makes anyone who watches it feel like doing the same.
532,timburr,"Always carrying squared logs, they help out with construction. As they grow, they carry bigger logs."
53,persian,this Pokémon has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine whatis in the POKéMON’s surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.
42,golbat,"However hard its victim’s hide may be, it punctures with sharp fangs and gorges itself with blood."
19,rattata,"Bites anything when it attacks. Small and veryquick, it is a common sight in many places."
610,axew,They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat. Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong and sharp.
425,drifloon,"If for some reason its body bursts, its soul spills out with a screaming sound."
236,tyrogue,"Even though it is small, it can’t be ignored because it will slug any handy target without warning."
104,cubone,"It pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull it wears are from its tears."
423,gastrodon,It apparently had a huge shell for protection in ancient times. It lives in shallow tidal pools.
384,rayquaza,"this Pokémon lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth’s ozone layer, never descending to the ground.This POKéMON appears to feed on water and particles in the atmosphere."
361,snorunt,"this Pokémon live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this POKéMONsteals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns."
686,inkay,"By exposing foes to the blinking of its luminescent spots, this Pokémon demoralizes them, and then it seizes the chance to flee."
340,whiscash,"It is extremely protective of its territory. If any foe approaches, it attacks using vicious tremors."
240,magby,"Its magma-like blood circulates throughout its body. Its body’s heat can top 1,100 degrees F."
369,relicanth,"It was fortuitously discovered during a deep sea expedition. Its teeth have atrophied, so it now survives on microscopic organisms it sucks up."
125,electabuzz,Its body constantly discharges electricity. Getting close to it will make your hair stand on end.
837,rolycoly,"Most of its body has the same composition as coal. Fittingly, this Pokémon was first discovered in coal mines about 400 years ago."
166,ledian,"When the stars flicker in the night sky, it flutters about, scattering a glowing powder."
162,furret,"There is no telling where the tail begins. Despite its short legs, it is quick and likes to chase RATTATA."
143,snorlax,this Pokémon’s typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile POKéMON that thereare children who use its expansive belly as a place to play.
541,swadloon,"It protects itself from the cold by wrapping up in leaves. It stays on the move, eating leaves in forests."
594,alomomola,They float upon the open sea. Many water Pokémon gather in the area around this Pokémon.
548,petilil,"Since they prefer moist, nutrient-rich soil, the areas where this Pokémon live are known to be good for growing plants."
815,cinderace,"It’s skilled at both offense and defense, and it gets pumped up when cheered on. But if it starts showboating, it could put itself in a tough spot."
352,kecleon,"this Pokémon alters its body coloration to blend in with its surroundings, allowing it to sneak up on its prey unnoticed.Then it lashes out with its long, stretchy tongue to instantly ensnare the unsuspecting target."
140,kabuto,It is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell.
439,mime-jr,It mimics the expressions and motions of those it sees to understand the feelings of others.
184,azumarill,"It spends most of its time in the water. On sunny days, this Pokémon floats on the surface of the water and sunbathes."
99,kingler,"It can hardly lift its massive, overgrown pincer.The pincer's size makes it difficult to aim properly."
239,elekid,"It generates electricity by whirling its arms. However, it can’t store the energy it makes."
62,poliwrath,Swims powerfully using all the muscles in itsbody. It can even overtake champion swimmers.
118,goldeen,"It swims at a steady 5 knots. If it senses danger, it will strike back with its sharp horn."
279,pelipper,It places small Pokémon into its spacious beak and carries them around. No one knows where it’s taking them.
106,hitmonlee,Its legs can stretch double. First-time foes are startled by its extensible reach.
414,mothim,It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey collected by Combee.
372,shelgon,This Pokémon has covered its body in a hard shell that has the same composition as bone. this Pokémon stores energy for evolution.
46,paras,A this Pokémon has this Pokémonitic tochukaso mushrooms growing on its back. They grow by drawing nutrients from the host. They are valued as a medicine for long life.
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
283,surskit,It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
343,baltoy,this Pokémon moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive wall paintings depicting this POKéMON living amongpeople were discovered in some ancient ruins.
405,luxray,It can see clearly through walls to track down its prey and seek its lost young.
342,crawdaunt,It is a ruffian that uses its pincers to pick up and toss out other Pokémon from its pond.
712,bergmite,"Using air of -150 degrees Fahrenheit, they freeze opponents solid. They live in herds above the snow line on mountains."
416,vespiquen,It houses its colony in cells in its body and releases various pheromones to make those grubs do its bidding.
384,rayquaza,It has lived for hundreds of millions of years in the ozone layer. Its flying form looks like a meteor.
558,crustle,"When its boulder is broken in battles for territory, it feels unsure and begins to weaken."
449,hippopotas,It shuts its nostrils tight then travels through sand as if walking. They form colonies of around ten.
195,quagsire,"Due to its relaxed and carefree attitude, it often bumps its head on boulders and boat hulls as it swims."
512,simisage,It attacks enemies with strikes of its thorn-covered tail. This Pokémon is wild tempered.
222,corsola,"this Pokémon’s branches glitter very beautifully in seven colors when they catch sunlight.If any branch breaks off, this POKéMON grows it back in just one night."
53,persian,"A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk."
375,metang,"It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its two brains are linked, amplifying its psychic power."
91,cloyster,Even a missile can't break the spikes it uses tostab opponents. They're even hard­ er than its shell.
817,drizzile,"Highly intelligent but also very lazy, it keeps enemies out of its territory by laying traps everywhere."
488,cresselia,"On nights around the quarter moon, the aurora from its tail extends and undulates beautifully."
227,skarmory,"Its heavy-looking iron body is actually thin and light, so it can fly at speeds over 180 mph."
41,zubat,"this Pokémon avoids sunlight because exposure causes it to become unhealthy. During the daytime, it stays in caves or under the eaves of old houses, sleeping while hanging upside down."
184,azumarill,"It can spend all day in water, since it can inhale and store a large volume of air."
53,persian,"A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk."
519,pidove,This very forgetful Pokémon will wait for a new order from its Trainer even though it already has one.
521,unfezant,This Pokémon is intelligent and intensely proud. People will sit up and take notice if you become the Trainer of one.
261,poochyena,It has a very tenacious nature. Its acute sense of smell lets it chase a chosen prey without ever losing track.
86,seel,A Pokémon that lives on icebergs. It swims in the sea using the point on its head to break up ice.
34,nidoking,"It uses its thick arms, legs and tail to attackforcefully. Melee combat is its specialty."
271,lombre,It lives at the water’s edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water grass by day and becomes active at night.
245,suicune,"This divine POKéMON blows around the world,always in search of a pure reservoir."
166,ledian,"It uses starlight as energy. When more stars appear at night, the patterns on its back grow larger."
248,tyranitar,"Extremely strong, it can change the landscape. It hasan insolent nature that makes it not care about others."
309,electrike,"Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed."
145,zapdos,this Pokémon is a legendary bird POKéMON that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. It gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts.
353,shuppet,"There’s a proverb that says, “Shun the house where this Pokémon gather in the growing dusk.”"
186,politoed,"The curled hair on this Pokémon’s head is proof of its status as a king. It is said that the longer and more curled thehair, the more respect this POKéMON earns from its peers."
275,shiftry,"By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 ft/second that can level houses."
373,salamence,"this Pokémon came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerfuldesire triggered a sudden mutation in this POKéMON’s cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings."
161,sentret,"A very cautious Pokémon, it raises itself up using its tail to get a better view of its surroundings."
518,musharna,"It drowses and dreams all the time. It’s best to leave it be if it’s just woken up, as it’s a terrible grump when freshly roused from sleep."
237,hitmontop,It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by ten.
487,giratina,"This Pokémon is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours, where common knowledge is distorted and strange."
185,sudowoodo,"If a tree branch shakes when there is no wind, it's athis Pokémon, not a tree. It hides from the rain."
178,xatu,"It’s said that while this Pokémon has the power to predict the future, it’s not powerful enough to change the future it sees."
302,sableye,It digs branching holes in caves using its sharp claws in search of food--raw gems. A this Pokémon lurks in darkness and is seen only rarely.
73,tentacruel,Its 80 tentacles absorb water and stretch almost endlessly to constrict its prey and enemies.
37,vulpix,"At the time of its birth, this Pokémon has one white tail. The tail separates into six if this Pokémon receives plenty of love from its Trainer. The six tails become magnificently curled."
463,lickilicky,Their saliva contains lots of components that can dissolve anything. The numbness caused by their lick does not dissipate.
40,wigglytuff,"It’s proud of its fur, which is fine and delicate. In particular, the curl on its forehead has a texture that’s perfectly heavenly."
510,liepard,"Stealthily, it sneaks up on its target, striking from behind before its victim has a chance to react."
123,scyther,"When it moves, it leaves only a blur. If it hidesin grass, its pro­ tective colors make it invisible."
291,ninjask,"Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap."
197,umbreon,The light of the moon changed EEVEE’s genetic structure. It lurks in darkness for prey.
484,palkia,It is said to live in a gap in the spatial dimension parallel to ours. It appears in mythology.
268,cascoon,"It never forgets any attack it endured while in the cocoon. After evolution, it seeks payback."
150,mewtwo,A Pokémon created by recombining Mew’s genes. It’s said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon.
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, it begins moving in rhythm in order to amplify its power."
502,dewott,"As a result of strict training, each this Pokémon learns different forms for using the scalchops."
171,lanturn,this Pokémon is nicknamed “the deep-sea star” for its illuminated antenna. This Pokémon produces light by causing a chemical reaction between bacteria and its bodily fluids inside the antenna.
325,spoink,"It bounces constantly, using its tail like a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating."
865,sirfetchd,"Only Farfetch’d that have survived many battles can attain this evolution. When this Pokémon’s leek withers, it will retire from combat."
546,cottonee,"To protect itself, it shoots cotton from its body. When it gets wet in the rain, its cotton grows moist and heavy, and it can’t move as well."
170,chinchou,"On the dark ocean floor, its only means of communication is its constantly flashing lights."
94,gengar,"On the night of a full moon, if shadows move on their own and laugh, it must be this Pokémon’s doing."
26,raichu,"If its electric pouches run empty, it raises its tailto gather electri­ city from the atmosphere."
414,mothim,It does not keep a nest. It flies over fields and mountains in constant search of floral honey.
85,dodrio,"Uses its three brains to execute complex plans.While two heads sleep, one head stays awake."
146,moltres,It is said to be the legendary bird POKéMON of fire. Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flare of flames.
140,kabuto,A POKéMON that was resurrected from a fossilfound in what was once the ocean floor eons ago.
313,volbeat,"With their taillights lit, this Pokémon fly in a swarm, drawing geometric designs in the night sky. They move their nests if their pond water becomes dirty."
776,turtonator,It lives in volcanoes and eats sulfur and other minerals. Materials from the food it eats form the basis of its explosive shell.
14,kakuna,"While awaiting evolution, it hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches."
268,cascoon,"Its body, which is made of soft silk, hardens over time. When cracks appear, evolution is near."
791,solgaleo,"When light radiates from its body, this Pokémon could almost appear to be the sun. It will dispel any darkness and light up the world."
150,mewtwo,A Pokémon created by recombining Mew’s genes. It’s said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon.
47,parasect,A mushroom grown larger than the host’s body controls this Pokémon. It scatters poisonous spores.
717,yveltal,"When this legendary Pokémon’s wings and tail feathers spread wide and glow red, it absorbs the life force of living creatures."
346,cradily,This carnivorous Pokémon lived in primordial seas. It catches prey in its eight tentacles and dissolves them with digestive fluid as it eats.
577,solosis,Many say that the special liquid covering this Pokémon’s body would allow it to survive in the vacuum of space.
211,qwilfish,"this Pokémon sucks in water, inflating itself. This POKéMON uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoottoxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming somewhat challenging."
171,lanturn,"It blinds prey with an intense burst of light, then swallows the immobilized prey in a single gulp."
98,krabby,"this Pokémon live on beaches, burrowed inside holes dug into the sand. On sandy beaches with little in the way of food, these Pokémon can be seen squabbling with each other over territory."
445,garchomp,this Pokémon is fast both underground and above. It can bring down prey and return to its den before its body has chilled from being outside.
199,slowking,Being bitten by Shellder gave it intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists.
127,pinsir,"Their pincers are strong enough to shatter thick logs. Because they dislike cold, this Pokémon burrow and sleep under the ground on chilly nights."
116,horsea,"this Pokémon eats small insects and moss off of rocks. If the ocean current turns fast, this Pokémon anchors itself by wrapping its tail around rocks or coral to prevent being washed away."
569,garbodor,It clenches opponents with its left arm and finishes them off with foul-smelling poison gas belched from its mouth.
594,alomomola,It gently holds injured and weak Pokémon in its fins. Its special membrane heals their wounds.
277,swellow,"this Pokémon is very conscientious about the upkeep of its glossy wings. Once two this Pokémon are gathered, theydiligently take care of cleaning each other’s wings."
248,tyranitar,"Its body can’t be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies."
405,luxray,"When its eyes gleam gold, it can spot hiding prey--even those taking shelter behind a wall."
73,tentacruel,"The tentacles are normally kept short. On hunts,they are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey."
176,togetic,It grows dispirited if it is not with kind people. It can float in midair without moving its wings.
175,togepi,"As its energy, this Pokémon uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and POKéMON.This POKéMON stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others."
54,psyduck,"If its chronic headache peaks, it may exhibit odd powers. It seems unable to recall such an episode."
137,porygon,A POKéMON that consists entirely of programmingcode. Capable of moving freely in cyberspace.
39,jigglypuff,"Looking into its cute, round eyes makes it start singing a song so pleasant listeners can’t help but fall asleep."
94,gengar,"It steals heat from its surroundings. If you feel a sudden chill, it is certain that a this Pokémon appeared."
100,voltorb,It looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on contact.
85,dodrio,One of DODUO's 2 heads splits to form a uniquespecies. It runs close to 40 MPH in prairies.
214,heracross,"With its Herculean powers, it can easily throw arou­nd an object that is 100 times its own weight."
535,tympole,"By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans and warns others of danger."
350,milotic,It’s said that a glimpse of a this Pokémon and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you’re feeling.
475,gallade,"Because it can sense what its foe is thinking, its attacks burst out first, fast, and fierce."
267,beautifly,"this Pokémon’s favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this POKéMON, just leave a pottedflower by an open window. this Pokémon is sure to come looking for pollen."
524,roggenrola,They were discovered a hundred years ago in an earthquake fissure. Inside each one is an energy core.
26,raichu,"Its tail discharges electricity into the ground, protecting it from getting shocked."
288,vigoroth,"Its heart beats at a tenfold tempo, so it cannot sit still for even a moment."
285,shroomish,"If this Pokémon senses danger, it shakes its body and scatters spores from the top of its head. This Pokémon’s spores are so toxic, they make trees and weeds wilt."
15,beedrill,"Its best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off."
503,samurott,One swing of the sword incorporated in its armor can fell an opponent. A simple glare from one of them quiets everybody.
392,infernape,Its crown of fire is indicative of its fiery nature. It is beaten by none in terms of quickness.
203,girafarig,"Its tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent by biting."
292,shedinja,A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit.
29,nidoran-f,"While it does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from barbs can be fatal."
110,weezing,"This Pokémon lives and grows by absorbing poison gas, dust, and germs that exist inside garbage."
133,eevee,"Possessing an unbalanced and unstable genetic makeup, it conceals many possible evolutions."
347,anorith,"When restored this Pokémon are released into the ocean, they don’t thrive, because the water composition has changed since their era."
324,torkoal,"It battles using energy it gets from burning coal. When loosing smoke from its nostrils, it lets off a sound that is similar to a locomotive’s horn."
15,beedrill,"Its best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off."
494,victini,"This Pokémon brings victory. It is said that Trainers with this Pokémon always win, regardless of the type of encounter."
401,kricketot,"When its antennae hit each other, it sounds like the music of a xylophone."
245,suicune,this Pokémon embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness. This Pokémon has the power to purify dirty water.
355,duskull,"Making itself invisible, it silently sneaks up to prey. It has the ability to slip through thick walls."
599,klink,The two minigears that compose this Pokémon are closer than twins. They mesh well only with each other.
480,uxie,Known as “The Being of Knowledge.” It is said that it can wipe out the memory of those who see its eyes.
749,mudbray,"It has a stubborn, individualistic disposition. Eating dirt, making mud, and playing in the mire all form part of its daily routine."
70,weepinbell,"When hungry, it swallows anything that moves. Its hapless prey is dissolved by strong acids."
354,banette,"A cursed energy permeated the stuffing of a discarded and forgotten plush doll, giving it new life as this Pokémon.The POKéMON’s energy would escape if it were to ever open its mouth."
459,snover,"Seemingly curious about people, they gather around footsteps they find on snowy mountains."
579,reuniclus,"They use psychic power to control their arms, which are made of a special liquid. They can crush boulders psychically."
114,tangela,It tangles any moving thing with its vines. Their subtle shaking is ticklish if you get ensnared.
202,wobbuffet,"To keep its pitch-black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack."
137,porygon,"The only Pokémon that people anticipate can fly into space. None has managed the feat yet, however."
453,croagunk,Its cheeks hold poison sacs. It tries to catch foes off guard to jab them with toxic fingers.
147,dratini,The existence of this mythical POKéMON was onlyrecently confirmed by a fisherman who caught one.
295,exploud,Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
37,vulpix,"Its beautiful tails have made it very popular. However, if it’s not brushed diligently, it will be a mass of tangles before you know it."
131,lapras,They’ve been so cherished that there’s now an overabundance. The fish Pokémon population has declined in waters with too many this Pokémon.
195,quagsire,"This carefree POKéMON has an easygoing nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls."
309,electrike,"It generates electricity using friction from the atmosphere. In seasons with especially arid air, its entire body blazes with violent showers of sparks."
188,skiploom,It blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible.
203,girafarig,"A this Pokémon is an herbivore--it eats grass and tree shoots. While it is eating, its tail makes chewing and swallowing motions as if it were also eating."
538,throh,"When it encounters a foe bigger than itself, it wants to throw it. It changes belts as it gets stronger."
92,gastly,"Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by its gaseous body, which contains poison."
174,igglybuff,"It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop."
134,vaporeon,"Its cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can’t be seen when it melts away into water."
396,starly,"They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power."
82,magneton,It is actually three MAGNEMITE linked by magnetism. A group can set off a magnetic storm.
560,scrafty,It can smash concrete blocks with its kicking attacks. The one with the biggest crest is the group leader.
249,lugia,"It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm."
422,shellos,"Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body, as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out."
58,growlithe,"this Pokémon has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this POKéMON won’t forget the scent, no matter what.It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things."
30,nidorina,"It has a calm and caring nature. Because its horn grows slowly, it prefers not to fight."
543,venipede,"Its fangs are highly venomous. If this Pokémon finds prey it thinks it can eat, it leaps for them without any thought of how things might turn out."
227,skarmory,"After nesting in bramble bushes, the wings of its chicks grow hard from scratches by thorns."
361,snorunt,this Pokémon survives by eating only snow and ice. Old folklore claims that a house visitedby this POKéMON is sure to prosper for many generations to come.
637,volcarona,"When volcanic ash darkened the atmosphere, it is said that this Pokémon’s fire provided a replacement for the sun."
209,snubbull,"Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute."
334,altaria,"On sunny days, it flies freely through the sky and blends into the clouds. It sings in a beautiful soprano."
96,drowzee,"If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it’s a sure sign that one of these POKéMON is standing aboveyour pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils."
496,servine,"When it gets dirty, its leaves can’t be used in photosynthesis, so it always keeps itself clean."
156,quilava,This POKéMON is fully covered by nonflammable fur.It can withstand any kind of fire attack.
382,kyogre,this Pokémon has the power to create massive rain clouds that cover the entire sky and bring about torrential downpours.This POKéMON saved people who were suffering from droughts.
366,clamperl,It makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power.
475,gallade,"A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows."
401,kricketot,It chats with others using the sounds of its colliding antennae. These sounds are fall hallmarks.
84,doduo,The brains in its two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power.
559,scraggy,"Proud of its sturdy skull, it suddenly headbutts everything, but its weight makes it unstable, too."
252,treecko,Small hooks on the bottom of its feet catch on walls and ceilings. That is how it can hang from above.
278,wingull,this Pokémon has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding them in all sorts of locations. This Pokémon rides the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky.
514,simisear,It loves sweets because they become energy for the fire burning inside its body.
96,drowzee,It can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams.
242,blissey,"If it senses sadness with its fluffy fur, a this Pokémon will rush over to the sad person, however far away, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face."
209,snubbull,"Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute."
429,mismagius,Its muttered curses can cause awful headaches or terrifying visions that torment others.
149,dragonite,Only a very few people ever see this POKéMON. Its intelligence is said to match that of humans.
410,shieldon,A Pokémon that lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its facial hide is extremely hard.
279,pelipper,"Skimming the water’s surface, it dips its large bill in the sea, scoops up food and water, and carries it."
402,kricketune,It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib.
643,reshiram,"When this Pokémon’s tail flares, the heat energy moves the atmosphere and changes the world’s weather."
235,smeargle,"Once it becomes an adult, it has a tendency to letits comrades plant footprints on its back."
84,doduo,"By alternately raising and lower­ ing its two heads,it balances itself to be more stable while running."
240,magby,"Each and every time it inhales and exhales, hot embers dribble from its mouth and nostrils."
442,spiritomb,It was bound to a fissure in an odd keystone as punishment for misdeeds 500 years ago.
485,heatran,It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls.
764,comfey,"this Pokémon picks flowers with its vine and decorates itself with them. For some reason, flowers won’t wither once they’re attached to a this Pokémon."
493,arceus,"According to the legends of Sinnoh, this Pokémon emerged from an egg and shaped all there is in this world."
703,carbink,"Some say that deep beneath the surface of the world, a pack of this Pokémon live with their queen in a kingdom of jewels."
72,tentacool,"This Pokémon is mostly made of water. A this Pokémon out in the ocean is very hard to spot, because its body blends in with the sea."
708,phantump,"An unknown spirit came to lodge in a tree stump, creating this Pokémon. A cure-all can be made from an infusion of its green leaves."
500,emboar,It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends.
180,flaaffy,"As a result of storing too much electricity, itdeveloped patches where even downy wool won't grow."
762,steenee,"As it twirls like a dancer, a sweet smell spreads out around it. Anyone who inhales the scent will feel a surge of happiness."
586,sawsbuck,They migrate according to the seasons. People can tell the season by looking at this Pokémon’s horns.
525,boldore,"Because its energy was too great to be contained, the energy leaked and formed orange crystals."
93,haunter,"Its tongue is made of gas. If licked, its victim startsshaking constantly until death even­ tually comes."
271,lombre,"It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere."
707,klefki,"It inserts its horn into chinks in metal, absorbing metal ions. For some reason, it collects keys."
119,seaking,"In the autumn spawning season, they can be seenswimming power­ fully up rivers and creeks."
57,primeape,It stops being angry only when nobody else is around. To view this moment is very difficult.
142,aerodactyl,A Pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era. Its teeth are like saw blades.
106,hitmonlee,Its legs can stretch double. First-time foes are startled by its extensible reach.
315,roselia,"It uses the different poisons in each hand separately when it attacks. The stronger its aroma, the healthier it is."
444,gabite,It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves and hoards the loot in its nest.
258,mudkip,"To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders."
21,spearow,"It flaps its small wings busily to fly. Using its beak, it searches in grass for prey."
389,torterra,"Ancient people imagined that beneath the ground, a gigantic this Pokémon dwelled."
667,litleo,"The stronger the opponent it faces, the more heat surges from its mane and the more power flows through its body."
136,flareon,"When it catches prey or finds berries, it breathes fire on them until they’re well done, and then it gobbles them up."
113,chansey,A kindly Pokémon that lays highly nutritious eggs and shares them with injured Pokémon or people.
696,tyrunt,Its immense jaws have enough destructive force that it can chew up an automobile. It lived 100 million years ago.
279,pelipper,"It dips its large bill in the sea, then scoops up numerous prey along with water."
636,larvesta,"When battling opponents, it sprays fire from its five horns. The max temperature of the flames can reach nearly 5,500 degrees Fahrenheit."
124,jynx,"A this Pokémon sashays rhythmically as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without noticing."
20,raticate,"Its disposition is far more violent than its looks would suggest. Don’t let your hand get too close to its face, as it could bite your hand clean off."
182,bellossom,"When this Pokémon gets exposed to plenty of sunlight, the leaves ringing its body begin to spin around.This POKéMON’s dancing is renowned in the southern lands."
299,nosepass,"Its nose is a magnet. As a result, this Pokémon always keeps its face pointing north."
727,incineroar,"This Pokémon has a violent, selfish disposition. If it’s not in the mood to listen, it will ignore its Trainer’s orders with complete nonchalance."
477,dusknoir,"At the bidding of transmissions from the spirit world, it steals people and Pokémon away. No one knows whether it has a will of its own."
19,rattata,"A this Pokémon is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly moves its ears and listens for danger. It will make its nest anywhere."
655,delphox,"It gazes into the flame at the tip of its branch to achieve a focused state, which allows it to see into the future."
38,ninetales,"It has nine long tails and fur that gleams gold. It is said to live for 1,000 years."
57,primeape,"If approached while asleep, it may awaken and angrily give chase in a groggy state of semi-sleep."
366,clamperl,It makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power.
65,alakazam,"If it trusts someone deeply, it will let them have one of its spoons. Anything you eat with that spoon is apparently delicious."
754,lurantis,"This Pokémon resembles a beautiful flower. A properly raised this Pokémon will have gorgeous, brilliant colors."
40,wigglytuff,"Their fur feels so good that if two of them snuggle together, they won’t want to be separated."
96,drowzee,"If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it’s a sure sign that one of these POKéMON is standing aboveyour pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils."
212,scizor,It raises its pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation. It also swings them down dangerously.
324,torkoal,"It burns coal inside its shell. If it is attacked, it belches thick, black smoke and flees."
353,shuppet,It loves vengeful emotions and hangs in rows under the eaves of houses where vengeful people live.
782,jangmo-o,this Pokémon strikes its scales to communicate with others of its kind. Its scales are actually fur that’s become as hard as metal.
179,mareep,"Its fleece grows continually. In the summer, the fleece is fully shed, but it grows back in a week."
553,krookodile,This Pokémon is known as the Bully of the Sands. this Pokémon’s mighty jaws can bite through heavy plates of iron with almost no effort at all.
29,nidoran-f,"Nidoran♀ has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn."
324,torkoal,It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
162,furret,The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed.
776,turtonator,The shell on its back is chemically unstable and explodes violently if struck. The hole in its stomach is its weak point.
766,passimian,Berries are its weapons as well as the staple of its diet. The one that can throw a berry the farthest is the boss of the troop.
857,hattrem,"No matter who you are, if you bring strong emotions near this Pokémon, it will silence you violently."
23,ekans,It sneaks through grass without making a sound and strikes unsuspecting prey from behind.
149,dragonite,this Pokémon is capable of circling the globe in just 16 hours. It is a kindhearted Pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.
617,accelgor,"Discarding its shell made it nimble. To keep itself from dehydrating, it wraps its body in bands of membrane."
247,pupitar,"It will not stay still, even while it’s a pupa. It already has arms and legs under its solid shell."
308,medicham,"It elegantly avoids attacks with dance- like steps, then launches a devastating blow in the same motion."
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack of around ten. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork.
256,combusken,It boosts its concentration by emitting harsh cries. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power.
139,omastar,"Sharp beaks ring its mouth. Its shell was too bigfor it to move freely, so it became extinct."
259,marshtomp,"Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep."
365,walrein,It shatters drift ice with its strong tusks. Its thick layer of blubber repels enemy attacks.
31,nidoqueen,Its entire body is armored with hard scales. It will protect the young in its burrow with its life.
167,spinarak,It spins a web using fine--but durable--thread. It then waits patiently for prey to be trapped.
185,sudowoodo,"It disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining."
181,ampharos,The tail’s tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people.
1,bulbasaur,"It carries a seed on its back right from birth. As itgrows older, the seed also grows larger."
103,exeggutor,"It is called “The Walking Jungle.” If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an Exeggcute."
201,unown,"Shaped like ancient writing, it is a huge mystery whether language or this Pokémon came first."
105,marowak,"Small and weak, this Pokémon is adept with its bone club. It has grown more vicious over the ages."
466,electivire,"The instant it presses the tips of its tails onto an opponent, it sends over 20,000 volts of electricity into the foe."
84,doduo,"It races through grassy plains with powerful strides, leaving footprints up to four inches deep."
719,diancie,"A sudden transformation of Carbink, its pink, glimmering body is said to be the loveliest sight in the whole world."
130,gyarados,"Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, itis capable of destroying entire cities in a rage."
688,binacle,"Two this Pokémon live together on one rock. When they fight, one of them will move to a different rock."
163,hoothoot,"this Pokémon has an internal organ that senses and tracks the earth’s rotation. Using this special organ, this Pokémon begins hooting at precisely the same time every day."
407,roserade,"Luring prey with a sweet scent, it uses poison whips on its arms to poison, bind, and finish off the prey."
284,masquerain,Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
233,porygon2,Porygon was updated to a new version in readiness for planetary development. But that dream remains unrealized as yet.
226,mantine,Postcards and posters featuring this Pokémon leaping elegantly above the waves are popular souvenirs of Alola.
40,wigglytuff,Its fine fur feels sublime to the touch. It can expand its body by inhaling air.
515,panpour,The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. It waters plants with it using its tail.
21,spearow,"It busily flits around here and there. Even if it is frail, it can be a tough foe that uses MIRROR MOVE."
127,pinsir,"It grips prey with its pincers until the prey is torn in half. What it can’t tear, it tosses far."
559,scraggy,"It stretches its saggy skin up to its neck to protect itself. The saggier their skin, the more respect they garner."
139,omastar,"this Pokémon uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too largeand heavy, causing its movements to become too slow and ponderous."
30,nidorina,"When it senses danger, it raises all the barbs on its body. These barbs grow slower than Nidorino’s."
425,drifloon,"A Pokémon formed by the spirits of people and Pokémon. It loves damp, humid seasons."
473,mamoswine,It flourished worldwide during the ice age but its population declined when the masses of ice began to dwindle.
211,qwilfish,The small spikes covering its body developed from scales. They inject a toxin that causes fainting.
687,malamar,"When it comes to strong hypnosis, there’s an endless number of people who utilize this Pokémon for their nefarious deeds."
726,torracat,"It can act spoiled if it grows close to its Trainer. A powerful Pokémon, its sharp claws can leave its Trainer’s whole body covered in scratches."
373,salamence,"As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out."
240,magby,"Its body temperature is around 1,100 degrees F. It is healthy if it is breathing yellow flames."
214,heracross,"No matter how heavy its opponents, it flings them far away with its prized horn."
364,sealeo,It has a very sensitive nose. It touches new things with its nose to examine them.
468,togekiss,It shares many blessings with people who respect one another’s rights and avoid needless strife.
150,mewtwo,A Pokémon created by recombining Mew’s genes. It’s said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon.
318,carvanha,"If anything invades this Pokémon’s territory, it will swarm and tear at the intruder with its pointed fangs.On its own, however, this POKéMON turns suddenly timid."
241,miltank,"Most people raise it for its milk, but it’s quite tough and strong, so it’s also well suited for battle."
568,trubbish,Poisonous gas leaks out of it when it breathes. Muk that catch a whiff of that stench will come drooling.
80,slowbro,"Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the Shellder on its tail bites down."
593,jellicent,Its body is mostly seawater. It’s said there’s a castle of ships this Pokémon have sunk on the seafloor.
163,hoothoot,"It always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen."
594,alomomola,"Floating in the open sea is how they live. When they find a wounded Pokémon, they embrace it and bring it to shore."
308,medicham,"Through yoga training, it gained the psychic power to predict its foe’s next move."
100,voltorb,It is said to camouflage itself as a POKé BALL. Itwill self-destruct with very little stimulus.
198,murkrow,this Pokémon was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune. This Pokémon shows strong interest in anything that sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women.
256,combusken,"During a battle, the hot flame in its body increases. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power."
343,baltoy,It moves while spinning around on its single foot. Some this Pokémon have been seen spinning on their heads.
453,croagunk,Its cheeks hold poison sacs. It tries to catch foes off guard to jab them with toxic fingers.
699,aurorus,"Using its diamond-shaped crystals, it can instantly create a wall of ice to block an opponent’s attack."
63,abra,"Using its ability to read minds, it will identifyimpending danger and TELEPORT to safety."
214,heracross,This powerful POKéMON thrusts its prized hornunder its enemies’ bellies then lifts and throws them.
20,raticate,Gnaws on anything with its tough fangs. It can eventopple concrete buildings by gnaw­ ing on them.
95,onix,"As it grows, the stone portions of its body hardento become similar to a diamond, but colored black."
206,dunsparce,"When spotted, this POKéMON escapes backward by furiously boring into the ground with its tail."
197,umbreon,The light of the moon changed Eevee’s genetic structure. It lurks in darkness for prey.
269,dustox,It violently flutters its wings to scatter toxic dust when attacked. It becomes active after sunset.
276,taillow,"It dislikes cold seasons. They migrate to other lands in search of warmth, flying over 180 miles a day."
615,cryogonal,They are born in snow clouds. They use chains made of ice crystals to capture prey.
286,breloom,"this Pokémon closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This Pokémon’s fighting technique puts boxers to shame."
313,volbeat,"With the arrival of night, this Pokémon emits light from its tail. It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and flashing of its light. This Pokémon is attracted by the sweet aroma of Illumise."
506,lillipup,"This Pokémon has excellent judgment. If it decides it can’t defeat an opponent, it immediately turns tail and vamooses."
28,sandslash,It curls up in a ball to protect itself from enemy attacks. It also curls up to prevent heatstroke during the daytime when temperatures rise sharply.
587,emolga,"They store up electricity to fly through the air. When thunder cracks at night, sometimes there are almost enough of them to blot out the sky."
49,venomoth,"this Pokémon is nocturnal - it is a POKéMON that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insectsthat gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness."
458,mantyke,"It swims along with a school of Remoraid, and they’ll all fight together to repel attackers."
6,charizard,"If this Pokémon becomes furious, the flame at the tip of its tail flares up in a light blue shade."
299,nosepass,"Its nose is a magnet. As a result, this Pokémon always keeps its face pointing north."
102,exeggcute,"This POKéMON consists of six eggs that form a closely knit cluster. The six eggs attract each other and spin around.When cracks increasingly appear on the eggs, this Pokémon is close to evolution."
58,growlithe,"this Pokémon has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this POKéMON won’t forget the scent, no matter what.It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things."
481,mesprit,"This Pokémon is said to have endowed the human heart with emotions, such as sorrow and joy."
135,jolteon,It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere toblast out 10000- volt lightning bolts.
281,kirlia,"If its Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about."
653,fennekin,"Eating a twig fills it with energy, and its roomy ears give vent to air hotter than 390 degrees Fahrenheit."
130,gyarados,It has an extremely aggressive nature. The HYPER BEAM it shoots from its mouth totally incinerates all targets.
92,gastly,"Although this Pokémon is barely visible, when it’s near, a faint sweet smell lingers."
64,kadabra,"this Pokémon holds a silver spoon in its hand. The spoon is used to amplify the alpha waves in its brain. Without the spoon, the Pokémon is said to be limited to half the usual amount of its telekinetic powers."
190,aipom,"It searches for prey from the tops of trees. When it spots its favorite food, Bounsweet, this Pokémon gets excited and pounces."
21,spearow,"Very protective of its territory, it flaps its shortwings busily to dart around at high speed."
244,entei,A POKéMON that races across the land. It is saidthat one is born every time a new volcano appears.
208,steelix,It is thought its body transformed as a result of iron accumulating internally from swallowing soil.
62,poliwrath,"Its highly developed muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. This POKéMON can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort."
429,mismagius,"It chants incantations. While they usually torment targets, some chants bring happiness."
324,torkoal,It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
115,kangaskhan,"If you come across a young this Pokémon playing by itself, never try to catch it. The baby’s parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged."
113,chansey,A rare and elusive POKéMON that is said to bringhappiness to those who manage to get it.
885,dreepy,"If this weak Pokémon is by itself, a mere child could defeat it. But if this Pokémon has friends to help it train, it can evolve and become much stronger."
219,magcargo,Its brittle shell occasionally spouts intenseflames that cir­ culate throughout its body.
101,electrode,It stores electric energy under very high pressure.It often explodes with little or no provocation.
35,clefairy,"Its adorable be­ havior and cry make it highlypopular. However, this cute POKéMON is rarely found."
444,gabite,It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves and hoards the loot in its nest.
7,squirtle,"this Pokémon’s shell is not merely used for protection. The shell’s rounded shape and the grooves on its surface help minimize resistance in water, enabling this Pokémon to swim at high speeds."
372,shelgon,"Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves."
175,togepi,"As its energy, this Pokémon uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. This Pokémon stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others."
25,pikachu,It occasionally uses an electric shock to recharge a fellow this Pokémon that is in a weakened state.
776,turtonator,It gushes fire and poisonous gases from its nostrils. Its dung is an explosive substance and can be put to various uses.
22,fearow,It has the stamina to keep flying all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
609,chandelure,"Being consumed in this Pokémon’s flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind."
11,metapod,A steel-hard shell protects its tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution.
116,horsea,"If it senses any danger, it will vigorously spraywater or a special type of ink from its mouth."
786,tapu-lele,"Although called a guardian deity, Tapu Lele is devoid of guilt about its cruel disposition and can be described as nature incarnate."
37,vulpix,"When it is born, it has just one snow-white tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older."
460,abomasnow,It lives a quiet life on mountains that are perpetually covered in snow. It hides itself by whipping up blizzards.
116,horsea,"this Pokémon makes its home in oceans with gentle currents. If this Pokémon is under attack, it spits out pitch-black ink and escapes."
37,vulpix,"Both its fur and its tails are beautiful. As it grows, the tails split and form more tails."
458,mantyke,"When it swims close to the surface of the ocean, people aboard ships are able to observe the pattern on its back."
75,graveler,Rolls down slopes to move. It rolls over any obstaclewithout slowing or changing its direction.
376,metagross,"Metang combined to form it. With four brains, it has the intelligence of a supercomputer."
276,taillow,"this Pokémon courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be.This gutsy POKéMON will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry."
319,sharpedo,Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.”
293,whismur,"It usually murmurs, but starts crying loudly if it senses danger. It stops when its ear covers are shut."
500,emboar,A flaring beard of fire is proof that it is fired up. It is adept at using many different moves.
745,lycanroc,This this Pokémon is calm and cautious. The rocks jutting from its mane are razor sharp.
157,typhlosion,"If its rage peaks, it becomes so hot that anything that touches it will instantly go up in flames."
293,whismur,"Usually, its cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane."
660,diggersby,"As powerful as an excavator, its ears can reduce dense bedrock to rubble. When it’s finished digging, it lounges lazily."
357,tropius,It lives in tropical jungles. The bunch of fruit around its neck is delicious. The fruit grows twice a year.
308,medicham,"It elegantly avoids attacks with dance-like steps, then launches a devastating blow in the same motion."
493,arceus,"According to the legends of Sinnoh, this Pokémon emerged from an egg and shaped all there is in this world."
633,deino,"Lacking sight, it’s unaware of its surroundings, so it bumps into things and eats anything that moves."
197,umbreon,"When this Pokémon becomes angry, its pores secrete a poisonous sweat, which it sprays at its opponent’s eyes."
363,spheal,"this Pokémon always travels by rolling around on its ball-like body. When the season for ice floes arrives, this Pokémon can be seen rolling about on ice and crossing the sea."
259,marshtomp,"Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep."
168,ariados,It spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It’s hard to tell which end is which.
9,blastoise,A brutal POKéMON with pressurized water jets on itsshell. They are used for high speed tackles.
113,chansey,A gentle and kindhearted Pokémon that shares its nutritious eggs if it sees an injured Pokémon.
210,granbull,"It is actually timid and easily spooked. If attacked, it flails about to fend off its attacker."
455,carnivine,"It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey."
345,lileep,It disguises its tentacles as flowers to attract and catch prey. It became extinct in ancient times.
116,horsea,"It makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees."
58,growlithe,A Pokémon with a loyal nature. It will remain motionless until it is given an order by its Trainer.
252,treecko,It quickly scales even vertical walls. It senses humidity with its tail to predict the next day’s weather.
37,vulpix,"As its body grows larger, its six warm tails becomemore beautiful, with a more luxur­ ious coat of fur."
117,seadra,Capable of swim­ ming backwards by rapidly flappingits wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail.
635,hydreigon,"This brutal Pokémon travels the skies on its six wings. Anything that moves seems like a foe to it, triggering its attack."
311,plusle,It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
363,spheal,"They can’t swim well yet, and they move much faster by rolling. When they’re happy, they clap fins."
885,dreepy,"After being reborn as a ghost Pokémon, this Pokémon wanders the areas it used to inhabit back when it was alive in prehistoric seas."
470,leafeon,It gets its nutrition from photosynthesis. It lives a quiet life deep in forests where clean rivers flow.
498,tepig,"It loves to eat roasted berries, but sometimes it gets too excited and burns them to a crisp."
161,sentret,"When this Pokémon sleeps, it does so while another stands guard. The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger. When this Pokémon becomes separated from its pack, it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear."
150,mewtwo,"this Pokémon is a Pokémon that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans created this Pokémon’s body, they failed to endow this Pokémon with a compassionate heart."
42,golbat,"Flitting around in the dead of night, it sinks its fangs into its prey and drains a nearly fatal amount of blood."
734,yungoos,"Although it will eat anything, it prefers fresh living things, so it marches down streets in search of prey."
215,sneasel,this Pokémon scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. This POKéMON seeks out unguardednests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
393,piplup,It doesn’t like to be taken care of. It’s difficult to bond with since it won’t listen to its Trainer.
134,vaporeon,"As it uses the fins on the tip of its tail toswim, it blends with the water perfectly."
169,crobat,this Pokémon sneaks up on its intended prey using wings that barely make a sound. This POKéMON rests by hanging on atree branch with its rear legs that serve as wings.
379,registeel,Its body is said to be harder than any kind of metal. A study has revealed that its body is hollow.
150,mewtwo,A Pokémon created by recombining Mew’s genes. It’s said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon.
255,torchic,"this Pokémon sticks with its TRAINER, following behind with unsteady steps.This POKéMON breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees F, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black."
201,unown,"When alone, nothing happens. However, if there are two or more, an odd power is said to emerge."
326,grumpig,It uses black pearls to amplify its psycho-power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes.
588,karrablast,These mysterious Pokémon evolve when they receive electrical stimulation while they are in the same place as Shelmet.
34,nidoking,"A this Pokémon’s thick tail packs enormously destructive power capable of toppling a metal transmission tower. Once it goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it."
564,tirtouga,It was restored from an ancient fossil. this Pokémon lived in the sea but came up onto the land to search for prey.
511,pansage,It’s good at finding berries and gathers them from all over. It’s kind enough to share them with friends.
97,hypno,"this Pokémon holds a pendulum in its hand. The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum lull the foe into a deep stateof this Pokémonsis. While this POKéMON searches for prey, it polishes the pendulum."
563,cofagrigus,It has been said that they swallow those who get too close and turn them into mummies. They like to eat gold nuggets.
148,dragonair,this Pokémon stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter weather conditions in its vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on its neck and tail.
171,lanturn,The light it emits is so bright that it can illuminate the sea’s surface from a depth of over three miles.
100,voltorb,It looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on touch.
74,geodude,"this Pokémon that have lived a long life have had all their edges smoothed out until they’re totally round. They also have a calm, quiet disposition."
4,charmander,"The flame on its tail shows the strength of its life force. If it is weak, the flame also burns weakly."
801,magearna,"Its mechanized body is merely a vessel. Its true self is its Soul-Heart, an artificial soul."
87,dewgong,Stores thermal energy in its body. Swims at asteady 8 knots even in intensely cold waters.
507,herdier,"This very loyal Pokémon helps Trainers, and it also takes care of other Pokémon."
330,flygon,It whips up sandstorms with powerful flaps of its wings. It is known as “The Desert Spirit.”
575,gothorita,They use hypnosis to control people and Pokémon. Tales of this Pokémon leading people astray are told in every corner.
140,kabuto,"While some say this species has gone extinct, this Pokémon sightings are apparently fairly common in some places."
387,turtwig,"The shell on its back is made of soil. On a very healthy this Pokémon, the shell should feel moist."
195,quagsire,It has an easygoing nature. It doesn’t care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming.
56,mankey,An agile Pokémon that lives in trees. It angers easily and will not hesitate to attack anything.
646,kyurem,It appears that this Pokémon uses its powers over ice to freeze its own body in order to stabilize its cellular structure.
653,fennekin,"Eating a twig fills it with energy, and its roomy ears give vent to air hotter than 390 degrees Fahrenheit."
582,vanillite,"Theoretically, this Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. Their breath is -58° F."
406,budew,"When it feels the sun’s warm touch, it opens its bud to release pollen. It lives alongside clear pools."
507,herdier,this Pokémon is a very smart and friendly Pokémon. So much so that there’s a theory that this Pokémon was the first Pokémon to partner with people.
223,remoraid,"To escape from an attacker, it may shoot water out ofits mouth, then use that force to swim backward."
226,mantine,"If it builds up enough speed swimming, it can jump out above the waves and glide for over 300 feet."
150,mewtwo,"Its DNA is almost the same as Mew’s. However, its size and disposition are vastly different."
40,wigglytuff,"Its fine fur feels so pleasant, those who accidentally touch it cannot take their hands away."
76,golem,"Even dynamite can’t harm its hard, boulder-like body. It sheds its hide just once a year."
405,luxray,this Pokémon’s ability to see through objects comes in handy when it’s scouting for danger.
107,hitmonchan,"Its punches slice the air. However, it seems to need a short break after fighting for three minutes."
279,pelipper,"this Pokémon searches for food while in flight by skimming the wave tops. This POKéMON dips its large bill in thesea to scoop up food, then swallows everything in one big gulp."
429,mismagius,Its cry sounds like an incantation. It is said the cry may rarely be imbued with happiness-giving power.
266,silcoon,It wraps silk around the branches of a tree. It drinks rainwater on its silk while awaiting evolution.
590,foongus,"The spores released from this Pokémon’s hands are highly poisonous, but when thoroughly dried, the spores can be used as stomach medicine."
807,zeraora,"It runs as fast as lightning strikes, shredding its opponents with its high-voltage claws."
105,marowak,"From its birth, this savage Pokémon constantly holds bones. It is skilled in using them as weapons."
153,bayleef,The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up.
558,crustle,"It possesses legs of enormous strength, enabling it to carry heavy slabs for many days, even when crossing arid land."
190,aipom,"this Pokémon’s tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly manipulated.However, because the POKéMON uses its tail so much, its real hands have become rather clumsy."
69,bellsprout,It prefers hot and humid environments. It is quick at capturing prey with its vines.
693,clawitzer,this Pokémon’s right arm is a cannon that launches projectiles made of seawater. Shots from a this Pokémon’s cannon arm can sink a tanker.
551,sandile,It submerges itself in sand and moves as if swimming. This wise behavior keeps its enemies from finding it and maintains its temperature.
366,clamperl,"When it evolves, it makes a mysterious pearl that amplifies psychic powers when it’s held."
348,armaldo,"Protected by a hard shell, its body is very sturdy. It skewers prey with its claws to feed."
784,kommo-o,Certain ruins have paintings of ancient warriors wearing armor made of this Pokémon scales.
10,caterpie,"It is covered with a green skin. When it grows, it sheds the skin, covers itself with silk, and becomes a cocoon."
526,gigalith,Compressing the energy from its internal core lets it fire off an attack capable of blowing away a mountain.
136,flareon,"It fluffs out its fur collar to cool down its body temperature, which can reach 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit."
195,quagsire,"A this Pokémon hunts by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in. Because it doesn’t move, it does not get very hungry."
240,magby,"Its magma-like blood circulates throughout its body. Its body’s heat can top 1,100 degrees F."
315,roselia,"Its flowers give off a relaxing fragrance. The stronger its aroma, the healthier the this Pokémon is."
317,swalot,"When this Pokémon spots prey, it spurts out a hideously toxic fluid from its pores and sprays the target.Once the prey has weakened, this POKéMON gulps it down whole with its cavernous mouth."
61,poliwhirl,"Although it has become capable of living on land, it spends its time in the water, where its prey, fish Pokémon, are plentiful."
162,furret,It makes a nest to suit its long and skinny body. Thenest is impossible for other POKéMON to enter.
891,kubfu,this Pokémon trains hard to perfect its moves. The moves it masters will determine which form it takes when it evolves.
81,magnemite,Uses anti-gravity to stay suspended. Appears withoutwarning and uses THUNDER WAVE and similar moves.
243,raikou,The rain clouds it carries let it fire thunderbolts at will. They say that it descended with lightning.
204,pineco,It likes to make its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The additional weight doesn’t bother it.
66,machop,this Pokémon exercises by hefting around a Graveler as if it were a barbell. There are some this Pokémon that travel the world in a quest to master all kinds of martial arts.
101,electrode,Stores electrical energy inside its body. Even theslightest shock could trigger a huge explosion.
342,crawdaunt,"this Pokémon has an extremely violent nature that compels it to challenge other living things to battle.Other life-forms refuse to live in ponds inhabited by this POKéMON, making them desolate places."
63,abra,It senses impend­ ing attacks and TELEPORTS away tosafety before the actual attacks can strike.
59,arcanine,"this Pokémon is known for its high speed. It is said to be capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within this Pokémon’s body is its source of power."
98,krabby,It lives in burrows dug on sandy beaches. Its pincers fully grow back if they are broken in battle.
510,liepard,Their beautiful form comes from the muscles they have developed. They run silently in the night.
325,spoink,"It bounces constantly, using its tail like a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating."
67,machoke,It happily carries heavy cargo to toughen up. It willingly does hard work for people.
383,groudon,This legendary POKéMON is said to represent the land. It went to sleep after dueling KYOGRE.
237,hitmontop,It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by 10.
263,zigzagoon,It walks in zigzag fashion. It is good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
95,onix,"this Pokémon has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this POKéMON does not lose direction while it is tunneling.As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother."
24,arbok,"This POKéMON is terrifically strong in order to constrict things with its body. It can even flatten steel oil drums.Once this Pokémon wraps its body around its foe, escaping its crunching embrace is impossible."
412,burmy,"It covers itself with a cloak to shelter from the cold. When it’s hot, its cloak is thinner."
85,dodrio,"An odd species that is rarely found. The three heads respectively represent joy, sadness, and anger."
528,swoobat,It shakes its tail vigorously when it emits ultrasonic waves strong enough to reduce concrete to rubble.
143,snorlax,"It is not satisfied unless it eats over 880 pounds of food every day. When it is done eating, it goes promptly to sleep."
372,shelgon,"Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves."
516,simipour,"It prefers places with clean water. When its tuft runs low, it replenishes it by siphoning up water with its tail."
347,anorith,A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
226,mantine,"If it builds up enough speed swimming, it can fly over 300 feet out of the water from the surface of the ocean."
547,whimsicott,"Riding whirlwinds, they appear. These Pokémon sneak through gaps into houses and cause all sorts of mischief."
65,alakazam,this Pokémon uses its psychic powers to make the spoons it carries. Each spoon is an original that there’s only one of in the whole world.
264,linoone,"When hunting, this Pokémon will make a beeline straight for the prey at a full run. While this Pokémon is capable of topping 60 mph, it has to come to a screeching halt before it can turn."
8,wartortle,"Often hides in water to stalk unwary prey. Forswimming fast, it moves its ears to maintain balance."
297,hariyama,They love to compare their freakish strength— strength enough to send a truck flying with a single slap.
99,kingler,"The larger pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, it is so heavy, it is difficult to aim."
309,electrike,It stores static electricity in its fur for discharging. It gives off sparks if a storm approaches.
79,slowpoke,"this Pokémon uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river.However, this POKéMON often forgets what it’s doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water’s edge."
147,dratini,It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.
354,banette,A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge from being junked. It seeks the child that disowned it.
628,braviary,"Because this Pokémon is hotheaded and belligerent, it’s Corviknight that’s taken the role of transportation in Galar."
141,kabutops,It is thought that this Pokémon came onto land because its prey adapted to life on land.
514,simisear,A flame burns inside its body. It scatters embers from its head and tail to sear its opponents.
8,wartortle,"Its tail is large and covered with a rich, thick fur. The tail becomes increasingly deeper in color as this Pokémon ages.The scratches on its shell are evidence of this POKéMON’s toughness as a battler."
119,seaking,"Using its horn, it bores holes in riverbed boulders,making nests to prevent its eggs from washing away."
169,crobat,"It feeds on the blood of living people and Pokémon. If it can’t drink any blood for even a short while, it becomes weak and unable to fly."
195,quagsire,"Due to its relaxed and carefree attitude, it often bumps its head on boulders and boat hulls as it swims."
408,cranidos,"A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with headbutts."
205,forretress,"this Pokémon conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell. The shell is opened when the Pokémon is catching prey, but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell’s inside cannot be seen."
473,mamoswine,"When the temperature rose at the end of the ice age, most this Pokémon disappeared."
58,growlithe,It has lived alongside humans since ages ago. Its bones have been found in excavations of ruins from the Stone Age.
179,mareep,"If static electricity builds in its body, its fleece doubles in volume. Touching it will shock you."
182,bellossom,"When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open."
536,palpitoad,"It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to capture prey."
236,tyrogue,"this Pokémon becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every day. When raising this Pokémon, the Trainer must establish and uphold various training methods."
800,necrozma,"It survives by absorbing light. After a long time spent slumbering underground, impurities accumulated within it, causing its body to darken."
208,steelix,It is thought its body transformed as a result of iron accumulating internally from swallowing soil.
317,swalot,It gulps anything that fits in its mouth. Its special enzymes can dissolve anything.
30,nidorina,"When it senses danger, it raises all the barbs on its body. These barbs grow slower than Nidorino’s."
162,furret,"There is no tell­ ing where the tail begins. Despiteits short legs, it is quick at hunt­ ing RATTATA."
591,amoonguss,"They show off their Poké Ball caps to lure prey, but very few Pokémon are fooled by this."
436,bronzor,Ancient people believed that the pattern on this Pokémon’s back contained a mysterious power.
25,pikachu,It occasionally uses an electric shock to recharge a fellow this Pokémon that is in a weakened state.
504,patrat,"Extremely cautious, one of them will always be on the lookout, but it won’t notice a foe coming from behind."
488,cresselia,"On nights around the quarter moon, the aurora from its tail extends and undulates beautifully."
125,electabuzz,"If a major power outage occurs, it is certain thatthis POKéMON has eaten electricity at a power plant."
56,mankey,"It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason."
273,seedot,"It hangs off branches and absorbs nutrients. When it finishes eating, its body becomes so heavy that it drops to the ground with a thump."
286,breloom,Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
534,conkeldurr,"It is thought that this Pokémon taught humans how to make concrete more than 2,000 years ago."
121,starmie,"At the center of its body is a red core, which sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky."
45,vileplume,"It has the world's largest petals. With every step,the petals shake out heavy clouds of toxic pollen."
644,zekrom,This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with lightning. It assists those who want to build an ideal world.
239,elekid,"Even in the most vicious storm, this POKéMON plays happily if thunder rumbles in the sky."
63,abra,Using its psychic power is such a strain on its brain that it needs to sleep for 18 hours a day.
181,ampharos,"The light from its tail can be seen from space. This is why you can always tell exactly where it is, which is why it usually keeps the light off."
127,pinsir,"When the tempera­ ture drops at night, it sleepson treetops or among roots where it is well hidden."
112,rhydon,this Pokémon’s horn can crush even uncut diamonds. One sweeping blow of its tail can topple a building.This POKéMON’s hide is extremely tough. Even direct cannon hits don’t leave a scratch.
52,meowth,It is fascinated by round objects. It can't stopplaying with them until it tires and falls asleep.
560,scrafty,"It pulls up its shed skin to protect itself while it kicks. The bigger the crest, the more respected it is."
533,gurdurr,"With strengthened bodies, they skillfully wield steel beams to take down buildings."
308,medicham,It gains the ability to see the aura of its opponents by honing its mind through starvation.
67,machoke,"Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power-save belt to be able to regulate its motions."
24,arbok,The pattern on its belly is for intimidation. It constricts foes while they are frozen in fear.
663,talonflame,"In the fever of an exciting battle, it showers embers from the gaps between its feathers and takes to the air."
752,araquanid,"It launches water bubbles with its legs, drowning prey within the bubbles. This Pokémon can then take its time to savor its meal."
126,magmar,"In battle, this Pokémon blows out intensely hot flames from all over its body to intimidate its opponent. This Pokémon’s fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in its surroundings."
148,dragonair,"They say that if it emits an aura from its wholebody, the weather will begin to change instantly."
658,greninja,"It appears and vanishes with a ninja’s grace. It toys with its enemies using swift movements, while slicing them with throwing stars of sharpest water."
195,quagsire,"Due to its relaxed and carefree atti­ tude, it oftenbumps its head on boulders and boat hulls as it swims."
196,espeon,"Although it originally had no powers at all, people say its precognitive faculties were awakened by its need to protect itself."
351,castform,"Its form changes on its own, due to its cells’ sensitive reactions to temperature and humidity."
285,shroomish,"this Pokémon live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves.This POKéMON feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves."
378,regice,Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
209,snubbull,"It has an active, playful nature. Many women liketo frolic with it because of its af­ fectionate ways."
705,sliggoo,"Its four horns are a high-performance radar system. It uses them to sense sounds and smells, rather than using ears or a nose."
467,magmortar,"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit out of its arms. Its breath also sears and sizzles."
247,pupitar,"Even sealed in its shell, it can move freely. Hard andfast, it has out­ standing destruc­ tive power."
584,vanilluxe,"When its anger reaches a breaking point, this Pokémon unleashes a fierce blizzard that freezes every creature around it, be they friend or foe."
45,vileplume,"Its petals are the largest in the world. As it walks, it scatters extremely allergenic pollen."
777,togedemaru,The long hairs on its back act as lightning rods. The bolts of lightning it attracts are stored as energy in its electric sac.
778,mimikyu,"A gust of wind revealed what hides under this Pokémon’s rag to a passing Trainer, who went home and died painfully that very night."
278,wingull,Its hollow bones enhance its lightness. It spreads its wings to the wind and soars away into the sky.
440,happiny,"It’s too small to lay eggs yet. As a surrogate, it searches out round white stones."
519,pidove,These Pokémon live in cities. They are accustomed to people. Flocks often gather in parks and plazas.
197,umbreon,"When exposed to the moon’s aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it gains a mysterious power."
428,lopunny,It is very conscious of its looks and never fails to groom its ears. It runs with sprightly jumps.
393,piplup,It doesn’t like to be taken care of. It’s difficult to bond with since it won’t listen to its Trainer.
57,primeape,"It grows angry if you see its eyes and gets angrier if you run. If you beat it, it gets even madder."
191,sunkern,"It may drop out of the sky suddenly. If attacked by a SPEAROW, it will violently shake its leaves."
852,clobbopus,"Its tentacles tear off easily, but it isn’t alarmed when that happens—it knows they’ll grow back. It’s about as smart as a three-year-old."
866,mr-rime,It’s highly skilled at tap-dancing. It waves its cane of ice in time with its graceful movements.
122,mr-mime,"It creates invisible walls with its pantomiming. If you don’t act impressed, it will attack you with a double slap!"
714,noibat,"After nightfall, they emerge from the caves they nest in during the day. Using their ultrasonic waves, they go on the hunt for ripened fruit."
681,aegislash,"In this defensive stance, this Pokémon uses its steel body and a force field of spectral power to reduce the damage of any attack."
91,cloyster,It fights by keeping its shell tightly shut for protection and by shooting spikes to repel foes.
493,arceus,"According to the legends of Sinnoh, this Pokémon emerged from an egg and shaped all there is in this world."
399,bidoof,It constantly gnaws on logs and rocks to whittle down its front teeth. It nests alongside water.
470,leafeon,"Just like a plant, it uses photosynthesis. As a result, it is always enveloped in clear air."
464,rhyperior,It can launch a rock held in its hand like a missile by tightening then expanding muscles instantly.
211,qwilfish,"When faced with a larger opponent, it swallows asmuch water as it can to match the opponent's size."
107,hitmonchan,"While apparently doing nothing, it fires punches inlightning fast volleys that are impossible to see."
520,tranquill,These bright Pokémon have acute memories. Apparently delivery workers often choose them as their partners.
407,roserade,The poison in its right hand is quick acting. The poison in its left hand is slow acting. Both are life threatening.
739,crabrawler,Its hard pincers are well suited to both offense and defense. Fights between two this Pokémon are like boxing matches.
242,blissey,This kindhearted Pokémon nurses sick Pokémon to health. It senses feelings of sadness.
37,vulpix,"As each tail grows, its fur becomes more lustrous. When held, it feels slightly warm."
157,typhlosion,It can hide behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intense flames. this Pokémon create blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.
110,weezing,"If one of the twin KOFFING inflates, the other onedeflates. It con­ stantly mixes its poisonous gases."
57,primeape,It stops being angry only when nobody else is around. To view this moment is very difficult.
252,treecko,It makes its nest in a giant tree in the forest. It ferociously guards against anything nearing its territory. It is said to be the protector of the forest’s trees.
230,kingdra,this Pokémon lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise uninhabited. It has long been believed that theyawning of this POKéMON creates spiraling ocean currents.
287,slakoth,"If it eats just three leaves in a day, it is satisfied. Other than that, it sleeps for 20 hours a day."
60,poliwag,"Its skin is so thin, its internal organs are visible. It has trouble walking on its newly grown feet."
215,sneasel,It feeds on eggs stolen from nests. Its sharply hooked claws rip vulnerable spots on prey.
600,klang,"By changing the direction in which it rotates, it communicates its feelings to others. When angry, it rotates faster."
177,natu,"It usually forages for food on the ground but may, onrare occasions, hop onto branches to peck at shoots."
345,lileep,It disguises its tentacles as flowers to attract and catch prey. It became extinct in ancient times.
279,pelipper,"It protects its young in its beak. It bobs on waves, resting on them on days when the waters are calm."
94,gengar,The leer that floats in darkness belongs to a this Pokémon delighting in casting curses on people.
30,nidorina,"If the group is threatened, these Pokémon will band together to assault enemies with a chorus of ultrasonic waves."
302,sableye,"this Pokémon lead quiet lives deep inside caverns. They are feared, however, because these POKéMON are thought tosteal the spirits of people when their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness."
51,dugtrio,This set of triplets moves cooperatively. It’s the power of teamwork that enables this Pokémon to dig to a depth of 60 miles.
260,swampert,"this Pokémon predicts storms by sensing subtle differences in the sounds of waves and tidal winds with its fins.If a storm is approaching, it piles up boulders to protect itself."
295,exploud,Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
213,shuckle,It stores berries in its shell. The berries eventually ferment to become delicious juices.
177,natu,"this Pokémon cannot fly because its wings are not yet fully grown. If your eyes meet with this Pokémon’s eyes, it will stare back intently at you. But if you move even slightly, it will hop away to safety."
8,wartortle,"It often hides in water to stalk unwary prey. For fast swimming, it moves its ears to maintain balance."
150,mewtwo,"Because its battle abilities were raised to the ultimate level, it thinks only of defeating its foes."
254,sceptile,The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
359,absol,"The only thing unlucky about this Pokémon is its appearance. It protects fields and warns people of disaster, so one ought to be grateful for it."
628,braviary,"The more scars it has on its front, the more heroic it’s considered to be. Those with many scars on their back are mocked by the flock."
253,grovyle,Leaves grow out of this POKéMON’s body. They help obscure a this Pokémon from the eyes of its enemies while it is in a thickly overgrown forest.
18,pidgeot,"This Pokémon flies at Mach 2 speed, seeking prey. Its large talons are feared as wicked weapons."
278,wingull,"It soars high in the sky, riding on updrafts like a glider. It carries food tucked in its bill."
36,clefable,Its hearing is so acute it can hear a pin drop over half a mile away. It lives on quiet mountains.
129,magikarp,"A this Pokémon living for many years can leap a mountain using Splash. The move remains useless, though."
467,magmortar,Living in the crater of a volcano has caused this Pokémon’s body to resemble its environment— it has an organ similar to a magma chamber.
793,nihilego,One of several mysterious Ultra Beasts. People on the street report observing those infested by it suddenly becoming violent.
314,illumise,"With its sweet aroma, it guides Volbeat to draw signs with light in the night sky."
174,igglybuff,"It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop."
397,staravia,It flies around forests and fields in search of bug Pokémon. It stays within a huge flock.
317,swalot,It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
473,mamoswine,"A frozen this Pokémon was dug from ice dating back 10,000 years. This Pokémon has been around a long, long, long time."
92,gastly,"this Pokémon is largely composed of gaseous matter. When exposed to a strong wind, the gaseous body quickly dwindles away. Groups of this Pokémon cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind."
356,dusclops,It seeks drifting will-o’-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.
551,sandile,"Alola, where it’s warm all year round, is a comfortable environment for this Pokémon. Sometimes you’ll even see it outside of deserts."
83,farfetchd,"FARFETCH’D is always seen with a stick from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good sticks and bad sticks.This POKéMON has been known to fight with others over sticks."
637,volcarona,This Pokémon emerges from a cocoon formed of raging flames. Ancient murals depict this Pokémon as a deity of fire.
269,dustox,It violently flutters its wings to scatter toxic dust when attacked. It becomes active after sunset.
105,marowak,A this Pokémon is the evolved form of a CUBONE that has grown tough by overcoming the grief of losing its mother. Its tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken.
679,honedge,Apparently this Pokémon is born when a departed spirit inhabits a sword. It attaches itself to people and drinks their life force.
328,trapinch,It makes a conical pit in desert sand and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
226,mantine,"Swimming freely in open seas, it may fly out of the water and over the waves if it builds up enough speed."
105,marowak,It has been seen pounding boulders with the bone itcarries in order to tap out mes­ sages to others.
222,corsola,They prefer unpolluted southern seas. Their coral branches lose their color and deteriorate in dirty water.
443,gible,"It attacks using its huge mouth. While its attacks are powerful, it hurts itself out of clumsiness, too."
120,staryu,"this Pokémon apparently communicates with the stars in the night sky by flashing the red core at the center of its body. If parts of its body are torn, this Pokémon simply regenerates the missing pieces and limbs."
210,granbull,"this Pokémon has a particularly well- developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the POKéMON to tipits head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately."
627,rufflet,"They will challenge anything, even strong opponents, without fear. Their frequent fights help them become stronger."
630,mandibuzz,"They fly in circles around the sky. When they spot prey, they attack and carry it back to their nest with ease."
14,kakuna,"While awaiting evolution, it hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches."
245,suicune,"Said to be the reincarnation of north winds, it can instantly purify filthy, murky water."
198,murkrow,"It is said that when chased, it lures its attacker onto dark mountain trails where the foe will get lost."
183,marill,"The tip of its tail, which con­ tains oil that islighter than wa­ ter, lets it swim without drowning."
391,monferno,A bigger fire on its tail and a brighter blue pattern on its face means its rank in its pack is higher.
91,cloyster,It fights by keeping its shell tightly shut for protection and by shooting spikes to repel foes.
68,machamp,"With four arms, it can attack and defend simultaneously. It’s said to have mastered every martial art in the world."
733,toucannon,"Within its beak, its internal gas ignites, explosively launching seeds with enough power to pulverize boulders."
191,sunkern,"this Pokémon tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients it has stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew."
87,dewgong,"In snow, the pure white coat covering its body obscures it from predators."
309,electrike,"Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed."
3,venusaur,this Pokémon’s flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower’s aroma soothes the emotions of people.
571,zoroark,Bonds between these Pokémon are very strong. It protects the safety of its pack by tricking its opponents.
70,weepinbell,"If its prey is bigger than its mouth, it slicesup the victim with sharp leaves, then eats every morsel."
183,marill,"this Pokémon’s oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water’s surface, it’s a sure indication that this Pokémon is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants."
269,dustox,It scatters its fine dust all over when it is attacked. It is a nocturnal Pokémon.
342,crawdaunt,A rough customer that wildly flails its giant claws. It is said to be extremely hard to raise.
337,lunatone,"this Pokémon becomes active around the time of the full moon. Instead of walking, it moves by floating in midair.The POKéMON’s intimidating red eyes cause all those who see it to become transfixed with fear."
228,houndour,It uses different kinds of cries for communicating with others of its kind and for pursuing prey.
167,spinarak,"If prey becomes ensnared in its nest of spunstring, it waits motionlessly until it becomes dark."
582,vanillite,The temperature of their breath is -58 degrees Fahrenheit. They create snow crystals and make snow fall in the areas around them.
168,ariados,Its feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. It constricts its foe with thin and strong silk webbing.
369,relicanth,It has remained unchanged for 100 million years. It was discovered during a deep-sea exploration.
31,nidoqueen,Its body is covered with needle-like scales. It never shows signs of shrinking from any attack.
334,altaria,"On sunny days, it flies freely through the sky and blends into the clouds. It sings in a beautiful soprano."
304,aron,"In order to build up its steel body, it eats iron ore. This pesky Pokémon is known to eat railroad tracks."
250,ho-oh,A legend says that its body glows in seven colors. A rainbow is said to form behind it when it flies.
303,mawile,Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
233,porygon2,this Pokémon was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made POKéMON has been endowed withartificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
302,sableye,It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
36,clefable,"A this Pokémon uses its wings to skip lightly as if it were flying. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. On quiet, moonlit nights, it strolls on lakes."
378,regice,Research revealed that its body is made of the same kind of ice that is found at the South Pole.
565,carracosta,"It could knock out a foe with a slap from one of its developed front appendages and chew it up, shell or bones and all."
290,nincada,"It grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes."
633,deino,"They cannot see, so they tackle and bite to learn about their surroundings. Their bodies are covered in wounds."
524,roggenrola,They were discovered a hundred years ago in an earthquake fissure. Inside each one is an energy core.
685,slurpuff,It can distinguish the faintest of scents. It puts its sensitive sense of smell to use by helping pastry chefs in their work.
35,clefairy,"On nights with a full moon, this Pokémon gather from all over and dance. Bathing in moonlight makes them float."
424,ambipom,"It uses its tails for everything. If it wraps both of its tails around you and gives you a squeeze, that’s proof it really likes you."
144,articuno,"The magnificent, seemingly translu­ cent wings of thislegendary bird POKéMON are said to be made of ice."
6,charizard,"Its wings can carry this Pokémon close to an altitude of 4,600 feet. It blows out fire at very high temperatures."
200,misdreavus,"It gets nourishment from fear that it absorbs into its red orbs. In daytime, it sleeps in darkness."
251,celebi,"When this Pokémon disappears deep in a forest, it is said to leave behind an egg it brought from the future."
666,vivillon,The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.
391,monferno,It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance.
308,medicham,"Through yoga training, it has honed its sixth sense. Its movements are elegant."
129,magikarp,"In the distant past, it was somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants that exist today."
728,popplio,"It creates special bouncy balloons to send at its opponents. When the balloons pop, the sheer force of their bursting is what deals damage."
463,lickilicky,Their saliva contains lots of components that can dissolve anything. The numbness caused by their lick does not dissipate.
534,conkeldurr,"Concrete mixed by this Pokémon is much more durable than normal concrete, even when the compositions of the two materials are the same."
36,clefable,It is very wary and rarely shows itself to people. Its ears can hear a pin drop over half a mile away.
104,cubone,"It wears the skull of its dead mother on its head. When it becomes lonesome, it is said to cry loudly."
286,breloom,Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
132,ditto,"With its astonishing capacity for metamorphosis, it can get along with anything. It does not get along well with its fellow this Pokémon."
54,psyduck,"Always tormented by headaches. It uses psychic powers, but whether it intends to do so is not known."
423,gastrodon,"Long ago, its entire back was shielded with a sturdy shell. There are traces of it left in its cells."
106,hitmonlee,"When kicking, the sole of its foot turns as hard as a diamond on impact and destroys its enemy."
320,wailmer,"On sunny days, it lands on beaches to bounce like a ball and play. It spouts water from its nose."
583,vanillish,This hearty Pokémon survived the Ice Age. It’s incredibly popular in very hot regions.
27,sandshrew,"It burrows into the ground to create its nest. If hard stones impede its tunneling, it uses its sharp claws to shatter them and then carries on digging."
460,abomasnow,It lives a quiet life on mountains that are perpetually covered in snow. It hides itself by whipping up blizzards.
389,torterra,Small Pokémon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests.
263,zigzagoon,It walks in zigzag fashion. It is good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
193,yanma,Its large eyes can scan 360 degrees. It looks in alldirections to seek out insects as its prey.
224,octillery,It has a tendency to want to be in holes. It prefers rock crags or pots and sprays ink from them before attacking.
382,kyogre,It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
260,swampert,It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
88,grimer,Made of congealed sludge. It smells too putrid to touch. Even weeds won’t grow in its path.
284,masquerain,It flaps its four wings to hover and fly freely in any direction-- to and fro and sideways.
476,probopass,"It controls three units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force. With them, it can attack the foe from three directions."
428,lopunny,It sheds its fur twice a year. Its winter fur is soft and fluffy.
329,vibrava,"To help make its wings grow, it dissolves quantities of prey in its digestive juices and guzzles them down every day."
429,mismagius,Its cry sounds like an incantation. It is said the cry may rarely be imbued with happiness-giving power.
447,riolu,"It’s exceedingly energetic, with enough stamina to keep running all through the night. Taking it for walks can be a challenging experience."
347,anorith,It was resurrected from a fossil using the power of science. It swims by undulating the eight wings at its sides. They were feet that adapted to life in the sea.
452,drapion,"Possessing a sturdy build, it takes pride in its strength, taking down foes without using toxins."
188,skiploom,It blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible.
480,uxie,"According to some sources, this Pokémon provided people with the intelligence necessary to solve various problems."
349,feebas,"Ridiculed for its shabby appearance, it is ignored by researchers. It lives in ponds choked with weeds."
131,lapras,It ferries people across the sea on its back. It maysing an enchanting cry if it is in a good mood.
120,staryu,"As long as its red core remains, it can regenerate its body instantly, even if it’s torn apart."
508,stoutland,"With this wise Pokémon, there could be no concern that it would ever attack people. Some parents even trust it to babysit."
53,persian,Its lithe muscles allow it to walk without makinga sound. It attacks in an instant.
44,gloom,"From its mouth this Pokémon drips honey that smells absolutely horrible. Apparently, it loves the horrid stench.It sniffs the noxious fumes and then drools even more of its honey."
295,exploud,"In the past, people would use the loud voices of these Pokémon as a means of communication between distant cities."
64,kadabra,"It possesses strong mental capabilities, but its psychic powers are halved when it’s not holding a silver spoon."
158,totodile,It is small but rough and tough. It won’t hesitate to take a bite out of anything that moves.
102,exeggcute,"The shell is very durable. Even if it cracks, it cansurvive without spilling the contents."
92,gastly,It’s said that gas emanating from a graveyard was possessed by the grievances of the deceased and thus became a Pokémon.
7,squirtle,Shoots water at prey while in the water. Withdraws into its shell when in danger.
413,wormadam,"When evolving, its body takes in surrounding materials. As a result, there are many body variations."
364,sealeo,"Be it Spheal or Poké Ball, it will spin any round object on its nose with the greatest of ease."
93,haunter,"this Pokémon is a dangerous POKéMON. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it.This POKéMON will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away."
69,bellsprout,It plants its feet deep underground to replenish water. It can’t escape its enemy while it’s rooted.
301,delcatty,It dislikes dirty places. It often searches for a comfortable place in which to groom itself.
87,dewgong,"Its entire body is a snowy-white. Unharmed by evenintense cold, it swims powerfully in icy waters."
369,relicanth,"Thought to have gone extinct, this Pokémon was given a name that is a variation of the name of the person who discovered it."
341,corphish,It was originally a Pokémon from afar that escaped to the wild. It can adapt to the dirtiest river.
481,mesprit,"When this Pokémon flew, people learned the joy and sadness of living. It was the birth of emotions."
674,pancham,"It follows Pangoro around like a henchman. When this Pokémon makes a big mistake, its leaf gets taken away."
231,phanpy,"For its nest, this Pokémon digs a vertical pit in the ground at the edge of a river. It marks the area around its nest withits trunk to let the others know that the area has been claimed."
593,jellicent,Its body is mostly seawater. It’s said there’s a castle of ships this Pokémon have sunk on the seafloor.
114,tangela,"The vines of a this Pokémon have a distinct scent. In some parts of Galar, this Pokémon vines are used as herbs."
153,bayleef,A this Pokémon’s neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each leaf is a small tree shoot. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
41,zubat,It checks its surroundings and location using reflections of the ultrasonic waves from its mouth.
232,donphan,"The longer and bigger its tusks, the higher its rank in its herd. The tusks take a long time to grow."
174,igglybuff,"It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop."
185,sudowoodo,"Despite appearing to be a tree, its body is closer to rocks and stones. It is very weak to water."
82,magneton,Many mysteriously appear when more sunspots dot the sun. They stop TV sets from displaying properly.
255,torchic,"A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees F."
800,necrozma,"It looks somehow pained as it rages around in search of light, which serves as its energy. It’s apparently from another world."
449,hippopotas,It shuts its nostrils tight then travels through sand as if walking. They form colonies of around 10.
27,sandshrew,"It usually makes its home in deserts and arid zones, where rain does not fall. It digs holes to catch Bug-type Pokémon."
58,growlithe,"It controls a big territory. If it detects an unknownsmell, it roars loudly to force out the intruder."
324,torkoal,Coal is the source of this Pokémon’s energy. Large amounts of coal can be found in the mountains where they live.
482,azelf,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the determination to do things. It was the birth of willpower."
506,lillipup,The long hair around its face provides an amazing radar that lets it sense subtle changes in its surroundings.
533,gurdurr,They strengthen their bodies by carrying steel beams. They show off their big muscles to their friends.
196,espeon,"It unleashes psychic power from the orb on its forehead. When its power is exhausted, the orb grows dull and dark."
148,dragonair,"If its body takes on an aura, the weather changes instantly. It is said to live in seas and lakes."
749,mudbray,"Possessing mighty power, this Pokémon can be loaded with 50 times its own body weight and will be totally fine."
17,pidgeotto,"It has outstanding vision. However high it flies, it is able to distinguish the movements of its prey."
225,delibird,"this Pokémon carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of the world’s highest mountain, thanks to one of these Pokémon sharing its food."
203,girafarig,"Its tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent and bite."
496,servine,"When it gets dirty, its leaves can’t be used in photosynthesis, so it always keeps itself clean."
563,cofagrigus,They pretend to be elaborate coffins to teach lessons to grave robbers. Their bodies are covered in pure gold.
180,flaaffy,this Pokémon’s wool quality changes so that it can generate a high amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool.The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.
728,popplio,"If this Pokémon want to create big, powerful balloons, they must be persistent. It takes daily practice for these Pokémon to develop their skills."
188,skiploom,It spreads its petals to absorb sunlight. It also floats in the air to get closer to the sun.
30,nidorina,"When resting deep in its burrow, its barbs always retract. This is proof that it is relaxed."
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can’t help breaking out into a dance."
