entry_name,name,description
137,porygon,"It can convert its body into digital data, which enables it to enter cyberspace."
283,surskit,It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
213,shuckle,"A this Pokémon hides under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its shell while eating stored berries. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice."
541,swadloon,"Preferring dark, damp places, it spends the entire day eating fallen leaves that lie around it."
480,uxie,It is said that its emergence gave humans the intelligence to improve their quality of life.
133,eevee,"Because its genetic makeup is irregular, it quickly changes its form due to a variety of causes."
393,piplup,"A poor walker, it often falls down. However, its strong pride makes it puff up its chest without a care."
782,jangmo-o,They learn to fight by smashing their head scales together. The dueling strengthens both their skills and their spirits.
691,dragalge,"Tales are told of ships that wander into seas where this Pokémon live, never to return."
246,larvitar,"this Pokémon is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this POKéMON must eat its way through the soil above.Until it does so, this Pokémon cannot see its parent’s face."
371,bagon,"Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day."
334,altaria,"If it bonds with a person, it will gently envelop the friend with its soft wings, then hum."
535,tympole,"By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans. It uses the rhythm of these sounds to talk."
137,porygon,A POKéMON that consists entirely of programmingcode. Capable of moving freely in cyberspace.
296,makuhita,"It was originally brought in from another region, but now this Pokémon from Alola are more famous."
94,gengar,"Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you.It is actually a this Pokémon running past you, pretending to be your shadow."
155,cyndaquil,"It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously."
169,crobat,"Both of its legs have turned into wings. Without a sound, this Pokémon flies swiftly toward its prey and sinks its fangs into the nape of its target’s neck."
67,machoke,It happily carries heavy cargo to toughen up. It willingly does hard work for people.
130,gyarados,"Once this Pokémon goes on a rampage, its ferociously violent blood doesn’t calm until it has burned everything down.There are records of this POKéMON’s rampages lasting a whole month."
297,hariyama,"this Pokémon practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this Pokémon’s powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two."
12,butterfree,"The wings are protected by rain-repellent dust. As a result, this POKéMON can fly about even in rain."
691,dragalge,this Pokémon uses a poisonous liquid capable of corroding metal to send tankers that enter its territory to the bottom of the sea.
231,phanpy,"As a sign of af­ fection, it bumps with its snout.However, it is so strong, it may send you flying."
478,froslass,It freezes prey by blowing its -58 degrees F breath. It is said to then secretly display its prey.
136,flareon,"this Pokémon’s fluffy fur releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. Its body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees F."
76,golem,It sheds its skin once a year. The discarded shellimmediately hard­ ens and crumbles away.
181,ampharos,The tail’s tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people.
154,meganium,The aroma that rises from its petals contains asubstance that calms aggressive feelings.
281,kirlia,"If its Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about."
44,gloom,"A horribly noxious honey drools from its mouth. One whiff of the honey can result in memory loss. Some fans are said to enjoy this overwhelming stink, however."
31,nidoqueen,Its hard scales provide strong protection. Ituses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves.
170,chinchou,It discharges positive and negative electricity from its antenna tips to shock its foes.
76,golem,"Even dynamite can’t harm its hard, boulder-like body. It sheds its hide just once a year."
214,heracross,"This Pokémon takes pride in its strength, which allows it to lift things 100 times heavier than itself with no trouble at all."
253,grovyle,Its strongly developed thigh muscles give it astounding agility and jumping performance.
614,beartic,They love the cold seas of the north. They create pathways across the ocean waters by freezing their own breath.
258,mudkip,"The fin on this Pokémon’s head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, thisPOKéMON can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes."
13,weedle,this Pokémon has an extremely acute sense of smell. It is capable of distinguishing its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes just by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose).
481,mesprit,"When this Pokémon flew, people learned the joy and sadness of living. It was the birth of emotions."
305,lairon,this Pokémon tempers its steel body by drinking highly nutritious mineral springwater until it is bloated. This Pokémon makes its nest close to springs of delicious water.
22,fearow,"It cleverly uses its thin, long beak to pluck and eat small insects that hide under the ground."
157,typhlosion,this Pokémon obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames. This Pokémon creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.
543,venipede,It discovers what is going on around it by using the feelers on its head and tail. It is brutally aggressive.
471,glaceon,It lowers its body heat to freeze its fur. The hairs then become like needles it can fire.
749,mudbray,"It loves playing in the mud. If it isn’t showered with mud on a daily basis, it gets stressed out and stops listening to its Trainer."
447,riolu,It has the peculiar power of being able to see emotions such as joy and rage in the form of waves.
80,slowbro,"Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the SHELLDER on its tail bites down."
297,hariyama,It loves challenging others to tests of strength. It has the power to stop a train with a slap.
266,silcoon,It prepares for evolution using the energy it stored while it was a WURMPLE. It keeps watch over the surroundings with its two eyes.
127,pinsir,This Pokémon clamps its pincers down on its prey and then either splits the prey in half or flings it away.
428,lopunny,"Extremely cautious, it quickly bounds off when it senses danger."
197,umbreon,"On the night of a full moon, or when it gets excited,the ring patterns on its body glow yellow."
343,baltoy,It moves by spinning on its foot. It is a rare Pokémon that was discovered in ancient ruins.
174,igglybuff,"It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop."
787,tapu-bulu,"It makes ringing sounds with its tail to let others know where it is, avoiding unneeded conflicts. This guardian deity of Ula’ula controls plants."
595,joltik,"Since it can’t generate its own electricity, it sticks onto large-bodied Pokémon and absorbs static electricity."
24,arbok,It is rumored that the ferocious warning markings on its belly differ from area to area.
414,mothim,It flutters around at night and steals honey from the Combee hive.
380,latias,Its body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
94,gengar,"To steal the life of its target, it slips into theprey's shadow and silently waits for an opportunity."
152,chikorita,It uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe.
268,cascoon,"It never forgets any attack it endured while in the cocoon. After evolution, it seeks payback."
705,sliggoo,"It drives away opponents by excreting a sticky liquid that can dissolve anything. Its eyes devolved, so it can’t see anything."
196,espeon,It can instantaneously sense its opponent’s movements by feeling air currents with its fine fur.
220,swinub,"It has a very sensitive nose. It can locate mushrooms, berries, and even hot springs buried under ice."
148,dragonair,"If its body takes on an aura, the weather changes instantly. It is said to live in seas and lakes."
182,bellossom,"When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open."
394,prinplup,It lives a solitary life. Its wings deliver wicked blows that can snap even the thickest of trees.
133,eevee,"Thanks to its unstable genetic makeup, this special Pokémon conceals many different possible evolutions."
300,skitty,"It is said to be difficult to earn its trust. However, it is extremely popular for its cute looks and behavior."
90,shellder,This Pokémon’s tongue is always hanging out. It uses its tongue with great dexterity to dig up sand from the seabed in its search for food.
133,eevee,Its genes are easily influenced by its surroundings. Even its face starts to look like that of its Trainer.
10,caterpie,"Its body is soft and weak. In nature, its perpetual fate is to be seen by others as food."
439,mime-jr,"It habitually mimics foes. Once mimicked, the foe cannot take its eyes off this Pokémon."
281,kirlia,It has a psychic power that enables it to distort the space around it and see into the future.
180,flaaffy,"If its coat becomes fully charged with electricity, its tail lights up. It fires hair that zaps on impact."
611,fraxure,"After battle, this Pokémon carefully sharpens its tusks on river rocks. It needs to take care of its tusks—if one breaks, it will never grow back."
677,espurr,The organ that emits its intense psychic power is sheltered by its ears to keep power from leaking out.
139,omastar,"Once wrapped around its prey, it never lets go. It eats the prey by tearing at it with sharp fangs."
378,regice,Research revealed that its body is made of the same kind of ice that is found at the South Pole.
168,ariados,It spins string not only from its rear but also fromits mouth. It is hard to tell which end is which.
206,dunsparce,It digs into the ground with its tail and makes a mazelike nest. It can fly just a little.
128,tauros,"Once it takes aim at its foe, it makes a headlong charge. It is famous for its violent nature."
376,metagross,"this Pokémon is the result of two METANG achieving fusion. When hunting, this POKéMON pins the prey to the groundunder its massive body. It then eats the helpless victim using the large mouth on its stomach."
159,croconaw,"Once it bites down, it won’t let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place."
381,latios,"A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes."
548,petilil,"The deeper the color of a this Pokémon’s leaves, the healthier the Pokémon is. this Pokémon sometimes makes its home in a well-tended field or flowerbed."
415,combee,"It collects and delivers honey to its colony. At night, they cluster to form a beehive and sleep."
197,umbreon,"When exposed to the moon’s aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it gains a mysterious power."
421,cherrim,"During times of strong sunlight, its bud blooms, its petals open fully, and it becomes very active."
252,treecko,"The soles of its feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings."
153,bayleef,The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up.
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
342,crawdaunt,A rough customer that wildly flails its giant claws. It is said to be extremely hard to raise.
348,armaldo,It went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor.
44,gloom,Its pistils exude an incredibly foul odor. The horrid stench can cause fainting at a distance of 1.25 miles.
79,slowpoke,"Slow-witted and oblivious, this Pokémon won’t feel any pain if its tail gets eaten. It won’t notice when its tail grows back, either."
48,venonat,"Its coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body is said to have evolved for protection. Its large eyes never fail to spot even miniscule prey."
346,cradily,It ensnares prey with its eight tentacles. It then melts the prey with a strong acid before feeding.
208,steelix,The iron it ingested with the soil it swallowed transformed its body and made it harder than diamonds.
11,metapod,A steel-hard shell protects its tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution.
692,clauncher,"this Pokémon’s claws can fall off during battle, but they’ll regenerate. The meat inside the claws is popular as a delicacy in Galar."
466,electivire,"When it gets excited, it thumps its chest. With every thud, thunder roars and electric sparks shower all around."
366,clamperl,"It is protected by a sturdy shell. Once in a lifetime, it makes a magnificent pearl."
70,weepinbell,A Pokémon that appears to be a plant. It captures unwary prey by dousing them with a toxic powder.
587,emolga,"As it flies, it scatters electricity around, so bird Pokémon keep their distance. That’s why this Pokémon can keep all its food to itself."
489,phione,A Pokémon that lives in warm seas. It inflates the flotation sac on its head to drift and search for food.
75,graveler,"This slow-footed Pokémon moves by curling up and rolling instead of walking. With enough momentum, its speed can exceed 60 mph."
96,drowzee,"Puts enemies to sleep, then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating only bad dreams."
86,seel,"Covered with light blue fur, its hide is thick and tough. It is active in bitter cold of minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit."
7,squirtle,"When it retracts its long neck into its shell, it squirts out water with vigorous force."
532,timburr,"Always carrying squared logs, they help out with construction. As they grow, they carry bigger logs."
277,swellow,"It circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey."
241,miltank,this Pokémon gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike.People who can’t drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.
283,surskit,"From the tips of its feet, this Pokémon secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating. This Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes."
135,jolteon,"A sensitive Pokémon that easily becomes sad or angry. Every time its mood changes, it charges power."
237,hitmontop,"After doing a handstand to throw off the opponent’s timing, it presents its fancy kick moves."
193,yanma,this Pokémon is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept at making sudden stops and turning midair. This Pokémon uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey.
250,ho-oh,Its feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness.
246,larvitar,"It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it falls asleep so it can grow."
184,azumarill,this Pokémon can make balloons out of air. It makes these air balloons if it spots a drowning Pokémon. The air balloons enable the Pokémon in trouble to breathe.
522,blitzle,"When thunderclouds cover the sky, it will appear. It can catch lightning with its mane and store the electricity."
12,butterfree,"Water-repellent powder on its wings enables itto collect honey, even in the heav­ iest of rains."
265,wurmple,"Often targeted by bird Pokémon, it desperately resists by releasing poison from its tail spikes."
47,parasect,"It scatters toxic spores from its mushroom cap. Once harvested, these spores can be steeped and boiled down to prepare herbal medicines."
790,cosmoem,"As it absorbs light, this Pokémon continues to grow. Its golden shell is surprisingly solid."
90,shellder,Its hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
400,bibarel,It busily makes its nest with stacks of branches and roots it has cut up with its sharp incisors.
115,kangaskhan,It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
334,altaria,"As it flies in a calm and relaxed manner, this Pokémon performs a humming song that would enrapture any audience."
355,duskull,this Pokémon wanders lost among the deep darkness of midnight. There is an oft- told admonishment given to misbehavingchildren that this POKéMON will spirit away bad children who earn scoldings from their mothers.
447,riolu,It has the peculiar power of being able to see emotions such as joy and rage in the form of waves.
406,budew,"Sensitive to changing temperatures, the bud blooms when it’s warm, releasing toxic pollen."
785,tapu-koko,This guardian deity of Melemele is brimming with curiosity. It summons thunderclouds and stores their lightning inside its body.
33,nidorino,"this Pokémon has a horn that is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its backbristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might."
9,blastoise,"It crushes its foe under its heavy body to cause fainting. In a pinch, it will withdraw inside its shell."
282,gardevoir,"To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole."
319,sharpedo,Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.”
6,charizard,"If this Pokémon be­ comes furious, the flame at the tipof its tail flares up in a whitish- blue color."
213,shuckle,"this Pokémon quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its hard shell while eating berries it has stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice."
316,gulpin,"There is nothing its stomach can’t digest. While it is digesting, vile, overpowering gases are expelled."
80,slowbro,"Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the SHELLDER on its tail bites down."
654,braixen,"When the twig is plucked from its tail, friction sets the twig alight. The flame is used to send signals to its allies."
5,charmeleon,"In the rocky mountains where this Pokémon live, their fiery tails shine at night like stars."
40,wigglytuff,"As it inhales, it expands...and expands...and expands. this Pokémon compete to see which one can inflate itself the most."
514,simisear,"When it gets excited, embers rise from its head and tail and it gets hot. For some reason, it loves sweets."
784,kommo-o,"Its rigid scales function as offense and defense. In the past, its scales were processed and used to make weapons and other commodities."
212,scizor,"This Pokémon’s pincers, which contain steel, can crush any hard object it gets ahold of into bits."
11,metapod,"Inside the shell, it is soft and weak as it pre­pares to evolve. It stays motion­ less in the shell."
346,cradily,It ensnares prey with its eight tentacles. It then melts the prey with a strong acid before feeding.
185,sudowoodo,"It mimics a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. But since its forelegs remain green throughout the year, it is easily identified as a fake in the winter."
41,zubat,Emits ultrasonic cries while it flies. They actas a sonar used to check for ob­ jects in its way.
774,minior,"Originally making its home in the ozone layer, it hurtles to the ground when the shell enclosing its body grows too heavy."
338,solrock,"A new Pokémon species, rumored to be from the sun. It gives off light while spinning."
247,pupitar,"Its body is as hard as bedrock. By venting pressurized gas, it can launch itself like a rocket."
467,magmortar,"When launching 3,600 degrees F fireballs, its body takes on a whitish hue from the intense heat."
63,abra,Using its psychic power is such a strain on its brain that it needs to sleep for 18 hours a day.
466,electivire,"It pushes the tips of its two tails against the foe, then lets loose with over 20,000 volts of power."
844,sandaconda,Its unique style of coiling allows it to blast sand out of its sand sac more efficiently.
247,pupitar,"Even sealed in its shell, it can move freely. Hard and fast, it has outstanding destructive power."
381,latios,"A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes."
105,marowak,"This Pokémon is out for vengeance on its natural enemy, Mandibuzz. It throws bones like boomerangs to try to take it down."
45,vileplume,"this Pokémon has the world’s largest petals. They are used to attract prey that are then doused with toxic spores. Once the prey are immobilized, this Pokémon catches and devours them."
36,clefable,"this Pokémon moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. It is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights."
325,spoink,"It bounces constantly, using its tail like a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating."
373,salamence,It’s uncontrollable if enraged. It flies around spouting flames and scorching fields and mountains.
230,kingdra,It sleeps deep on the ocean floor to build its energy. It is said to cause tornadoes as it wakes.
304,aron,"It usually lives deep in mountains. However, hunger may drive it to eat railroad tracks and cars."
33,nidorino,"It has a violent disposition and stabs foes with its horn, which oozes poison upon impact."
25,pikachu,It lives in forests with others. It stores electricity in the pouches on its cheeks.
369,relicanth,A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.
229,houndoom,"Long ago, people imagined its eerie howls to be the call of the grim reaper."
65,alakazam,It has an IQ of 5000. It calcu­ lates many thingsin order to gain the edge in every battle.
611,fraxure,"A broken tusk will not grow back, so it diligently sharpens its tusks on river rocks after the end of a battle."
703,carbink,"Born from the temperatures and pressures deep underground, it fires beams from the stone in its head."
2,ivysaur,"When the bud on its back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower’s coming bloom."
132,ditto,It can freely recombine its own cellular structure to transform into other life-forms.
264,linoone,"this Pokémon always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it.This POKéMON is very challenged by gently curving roads."
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It freezes water that is contained in winter air and makes it snow.
100,voltorb,It looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on touch.
133,eevee,"Thanks to its unstable genetic makeup, this special Pokémon conceals many different possible evolutions."
743,ribombee,It can predict the weather from moisture levels and wind direction. this Pokémon only reveals itself when there are a few clear days in a row.
742,cutiefly,"It feeds on the nectar and pollen of flowers. Because it’s able to sense auras, it can identify which flowers are about to bloom."
570,zorua,this Pokémon is a timid Pokémon. This disposition seems to be what led to the development of this Pokémon’s ability to take on the forms of other creatures.
282,gardevoir,"this Pokémon has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its Trainer, this Pokémon is said to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power."
227,skarmory,"Its sturdy wings look heavy, but they are actually hollow and light, allowing it to fly freely in the sky."
139,omastar,It is thought that this Pokémon became extinct because its spiral shell grew too large.
104,cubone,Wears the skull of its deceased mother. Its cries echo inside the skull and come out as a sad melody.
661,fletchling,These friendly Pokémon send signals to one another with beautiful chirps and tail-feather movements.
306,aggron,"While seeking iron for food, it digs tunnels by breaking through bedrock with its steel horns."
196,espeon,this Pokémon is extremely loyal to any TRAINER it considers to be worthy. It is said that this POKéMON developedits precognitive powers to protect its TRAINER from harm.
134,vaporeon,Lives close to water. Its long tail is ridgedwith a fin which is often mistaken for a mermaid's.
370,luvdisc,"Its heart-shaped body makes it popular. In some places, you would give a this Pokémon to someone you love."
254,sceptile,The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
49,venomoth,The powdery scales on its wings are hard to remove.They also contain poison that leaks out on contact.
108,lickitung,"Instead of hands, it uses its tongue, which is twice its height. Its sticky saliva grips anything."
349,feebas,"this Pokémon’s fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy appearance, thisPOKéMON is largely ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers."
385,jirachi,Generations have believed that any wish written on a note on its head will come true when it awakens.
645,landorus,Lands visited by this Pokémon grant such bountiful crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of the Fields.”
34,nidoking,One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
530,excadrill,"More than 300 feet below the surface, they build mazelike nests. Their activity can be destructive to subway tunnels."
237,hitmontop,"It launches kicks while spinning. If it spins at high speed, it may bore its way into the ground."
96,drowzee,It can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams.
96,drowzee,It can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams.
525,boldore,"When it is healthy, its core sticks out. Always facing the same way, it swiftly moves front to back and left to right."
560,scrafty,It can smash concrete blocks with its kicking attacks. The one with the biggest crest is the group leader.
212,scizor,this Pokémon has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This Pokémon flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
488,cresselia,Those who sleep holding this Pokémon’s feather are assured of joyful dreams. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
149,dragonite,"It is said that this Pokémon lives somewhere in the sea and that it flies. However, these are only rumors."
362,glalie,"Legend says a boulder on an icy mountain absorbed the distress and regrets of a stranded mountaineer, giving rise to this Pokémon."
764,comfey,It picks flowers and sticks them to its body with fluids it produces. The aroma that wafts from its petals has a healing effect.
61,poliwhirl,The spiral pattern on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it gradually causes drowsiness.
529,drilbur,"It’s a digger, using its claws to burrow through the ground. It causes damage to vegetable crops, so many farmers have little love for it."
70,weepinbell,It spits out POISONPOWDER to immobilize theenemy and then finishes it with a spray of ACID.
265,wurmple,It lives among the tall grass and in forests. It repels attacks by raising up the spikes on its rear.
345,lileep,It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
64,kadabra,"Using its psychic power, this Pokémon levitates as it sleeps. It uses its springy tail as a pillow."
159,croconaw,"Once it bites down, it won’t let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place."
379,registeel,"Its body is harder than any other kind of metal. The body metal is composed of a mysterious substance. Not only is it hard, it shrinks and stretches flexibly."
313,volbeat,It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves Illumise’s sweet aroma.
169,crobat,Having four wings allows it to fly more quickly and quietly so it can sneak up on prey without its noticing.
247,pupitar,"Its body is as hard as bedrock. By venting pressurized gas, it can launch itself like a rocket."
608,lampent,"This Pokémon appears just before someone passes away, so it’s feared as an emissary of death."
3,venusaur,"After a rainy day, the flower on its back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon."
79,slowpoke,Alolan home cooking involves drying this Pokémon tails and then simmering them into a salty stew.
233,porygon2,"Further research enhanced its abilities. Sometimes, it may exhibit motions that were not programmed."
329,vibrava,"It vibrates its wings to generate ultrasonic waves, causing its prey to faint. Then it buries the prey alive in the sand to preserve it."
339,barboach,"Its slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud."
154,meganium,this Pokémon’s breath has the power to revive dead grass and plants. It can make them healthy again.
743,ribombee,It makes pollen puffs from pollen and nectar. The puffs’ effects depend on the type of ingredients and how much of each one is used.
358,chimecho,They fly about very actively when the hot season arrives. They communicate among themselves using seven different and distinguishing cries.
344,claydol,"This mysterious Pokémon started life as an ancient clay figurine made over 20,000 years ago."
512,simisage,It attacks enemies with strikes of its thorn-covered tail. This Pokémon is wild tempered.
53,persian,The gem in its forehead glows on its own! It walks with all the grace and elegance of a proud queen.
209,snubbull,"Although it looks frightening, it is actually kind and affectionate. It is very popular among women."
329,vibrava,The ultrasonic waves it generates by rubbing its two wings together cause severe headaches.
605,elgyem,Rumors of its origin are linked to a UFO crash site in the desert 50 years ago.
774,minior,"Although its outer shell is uncommonly durable, the shock of falling to the ground smashes the shell to smithereens."
662,fletchinder,Its speed right after takeoff already puts it in the top speed class of all bird Pokémon.
201,unown,"Its flat, thin body is always stuck on walls. Its shape appears to have some meaning."
99,kingler,"Its pincers grow peculiarly large. If it lifts the pincers too fast, it loses its balance and staggers."
372,shelgon,"Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves."
650,chespin,Such a thick shell of wood covers its head and back that even a direct hit from a truck wouldn’t faze it.
278,wingull,"It soars high in the sky, riding on updrafts like a glider. It carries food tucked in its bill."
712,bergmite,"They chill the air around them to −150 degrees Fahrenheit, freezing the water in the air into ice that they use as armor."
56,mankey,Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile onemoment then thrashing away the next instant.
892,urshifu,"Inhabiting the mountains of a distant region, this Pokémon races across sheer cliffs, training its legs and refining its moves."
304,aron,"this Pokémon has a body of steel. With one all-out charge, this POKéMON can demolish even a heavy dump truck.The destroyed dump truck then becomes a handy meal for the POKéMON."
405,luxray,It can see clearly through walls to track down its prey and seek its lost young.
608,lampent,It arrives near the moment of death and steals spirit from the body.
247,pupitar,"Its shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it is also very strong. Its THRASHING can topple a mountain."
592,frillish,"Using the invisible poison spikes on its veillike arms and legs, it paralyzes its enemies and causes them to drown."
374,beldum,"It converses with others by using magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison."
55,golduck,"The forelegs are webbed, helping to make it an adept swimmer. It can be seen swimming elegantly in lakes, etc."
105,marowak,The bone it holds is its key weapon. It throws thebone skillfully like a boomerang to KO targets.
81,magnemite,"It subsists on electricity. As this Pokémon flies, it emits electromagnetic waves from the units on each side of its body."
627,rufflet,"A combative Pokémon, it’s ready to pick a fight with anyone. It has talons that can crush hard berries."
68,machamp,Its four muscled arms slam foes with powerful punches and chops at blinding speed.
100,voltorb,this Pokémon is extremely sensitive—it explodes at the slightest of shocks. It is rumored that it was first created when a Poké Ball was exposed to a powerful pulse of energy.
786,tapu-lele,"As it flutters about, it scatters its strangely glowing scales. Touching them is said to restore good health on the spot."
110,weezing,Top-grade perfume is made using its internal poisongases by diluting them to the high­ est level.
5,charmeleon,"In the rocky mountains where this Pokémon live, their fiery tails shine at night like stars."
39,jigglypuff,Uses its alluring eyes to enrapture its foe. It thensings a pleasing melody that lulls the foe to sleep.
62,poliwrath,"this Pokémon’s highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises.It is so tirelessly strong, this POKéMON can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort."
643,reshiram,This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with fire. It helps those who want to build a world of truth.
72,tentacool,"Because its body is almost entirely composed of water, it shrivels up if it is washed ashore."
693,clawitzer,Their enormous claws launch cannonballs of water powerful enough to pierce tanker hulls.
401,kricketot,"It shakes its head back to front, causing its antennae to hit each other and sound like a xylophone."
530,excadrill,It can help in tunnel construction. Its drill has evolved into steel strong enough to bore through iron plates.
753,fomantis,"When bathed in sunlight, this Pokémon emits a pleasantly sweet scent, which causes bug Pokémon to gather around it."
74,geodude,"When this Pokémon sleeps deeply, it buries itself halfway into the ground. It will not awaken even if hikers step on it unwittingly. In the morning, this Pokémon rolls downhill in search of food."
136,flareon,"Once it has stored up enough heat, this POKéMON'sbody temperature can reach up to 1700 degrees."
42,golbat,Its sharp fangs puncture the toughest of hides and have small holes for greedily sucking blood.
294,loudred,The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
26,raichu,"Its tail discharges electricity into the ground, protecting it from getting shocked."
29,nidoran-f,"Although small, its venomous barbs render thisPOKéMON dangerous. The female has smaller horns."
445,garchomp,"It is said that when one runs at high speed, its wings create blades of wind that can fell nearby trees."
546,cottonee,"Perhaps because they feel more at ease in a group, they stick to others they find. They end up looking like a cloud."
168,ariados,"It spews threads from its mouth to catch its prey. When night falls, it leaves its web to go hunt aggressively."
398,staraptor,"When Staravia evolve into this Pokémon, they leave the flock to live alone. They have sturdy wings."
627,rufflet,"It stands up to massive opponents, not out of courage, but out of recklessness. But that is how it gets stronger."
133,eevee,A rare Pokémon that adapts to harsh environments by taking on different evolutionary forms.
467,magmortar,"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees F from the ends of its arms. It lives in volcanic craters."
90,shellder,"Even when its shell is closed, its tongue still hangs out. If you give its tongue a good yank, the shock will cause this Pokémon to open its shell."
60,poliwag,Its slick black skin is thin and damp. A part of its internal organs can be seen through the skin as a spiral pattern.
629,vullaby,"Its wings are too tiny to allow it to fly. As the time approaches for it to evolve, it discards the bones it was wearing."
22,fearow,It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
348,armaldo,"Its enormous, retractable claws can cut through most anything. Its entire body is clad in sturdy plates."
362,glalie,It prevents prey from escaping by instantaneously freezing moisture in the air.
109,koffing,"In hot places, its internal gases could expand andexplode without any warning. Be very careful!"
203,girafarig,The head on its tail contains a small brain. It can instinctively fight even while facing backward.
332,cacturne,It lives in deserts. It becomes active at night when it hunts for prey exhausted from the desert’s heat.
69,bellsprout,"Its bud looks like a human face. Because of the bud, it is rumored to be a type of legendary mandrake plant."
107,hitmonchan,A this Pokémon is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who aimed to become the world champion. Having an indomitable spirit means that it will never give up.
449,hippopotas,It shrouds itself in sand to ward off germs. It travels easily through the sands of the desert.
584,vanilluxe,"Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and attack their foes with violent blizzards."
608,lampent,The spirits it absorbs fuel its baleful fire. It hangs around hospitals waiting for people to pass on.
57,primeape,"When this Pokémon becomes furious, its blood circulation is boosted. In turn, its muscles are made even stronger.However, it also becomes much less intelligent at the same time."
312,minun,"It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks."
340,whiscash,"It is extremely protective of its territory. If any foe approaches, it attacks using vicious tremors."
92,gastly,"Said to appear in decrepit, deserted buildings. It hasno real shape as it appears to be made of a gas."
643,reshiram,Flames spew from its tail as it flies through the sky like a jet airplane. It’s said that this Pokémon will scorch the world.
286,breloom,Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
143,snorlax,Its stomach's di­ gestive juices can dissolve any kindof poison. It can even eat things off the ground.
244,entei,"Volcanoes erupt when it barks. Unable to restrain its extreme power, it races headlong around the land."
15,beedrill,"this Pokémon is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest—this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm."
185,sudowoodo,"To avoid being attacked, it does nothing but mimic a tree. It hates water and flees from rain."
96,drowzee,It can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams.
136,flareon,"It has a flame sac in its body. Its body temperature tops 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit before battle."
596,galvantula,"They employ an electrically charged web to trap their prey. While it is immobilized by shock, they leisurely consume it."
182,bellossom,"When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open."
35,clefairy,"On nights with a full moon, they gather together and dance. The surrounding area is enveloped in an abnormal magnetic field."
140,kabuto,"This species is almost entirely extinct. this Pokémon molt every three days, making their shells harder and harder."
82,magneton,"Generates strange radio signals. It raises the tem­perature by 3.6F degrees within 3,300 feet."
121,starmie,It is said that it uses the seven- colored core ofits body to send electric waves into outer space.
244,entei,"It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe."
129,magikarp,"Its reckless leaps make it easy pickings for predators. On the bright side, many Pokémon enjoy longer life spans, thanks to this Pokémon."
34,nidoking,One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
356,dusclops,Anyone who dares peer into its body to see its spectral ball of fire will have their spirit stolen away.
397,staravia,It lives in forests and fields. Squabbles over territory occur when flocks collide.
844,sandaconda,"When it contracts its body, over 220 pounds of sand sprays from its nose. If it ever runs out of sand, it becomes disheartened."
27,sandshrew,"To protect itself from attackers, it curls up into a ball. It lives in arid regions with minimal rainfall."
185,sudowoodo,"To avoid being attacked, it does nothing but mimic a tree. It hates water and flees from rain."
77,ponyta,"As a newborn, it can barely stand. However, through galloping, its legs are made tougher and faster."
574,gothita,Their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic power. They are always staring at something.
165,ledyba,this Pokémon secretes an aromatic fluid from where its legs join its body. This fluid is used for communicating with others. This Pokémon conveys its feelings to others by altering the fluid’s scent.
603,eelektrik,They coil around foes and shock them with electricity-generating organs that seem simply to be circular patterns.
28,sandslash,"It climbs trees by hooking on with its sharp claws. this Pokémon shares the berries it gathers, dropping them down to Sandshrew waiting below the tree."
131,lapras,Its high intelligence enables it to understand human speech. It likes to ferry people on its back.
259,marshtomp,"Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep."
66,machop,It hefts a Graveler repeatedly to strengthen its entire body. It uses every type of martial arts.
385,jirachi,It is said to make any wish come true. It is awake for only seven days out of a thousand years.
513,pansear,"When it is angered, the temperature of its head tuft reaches 600° F. It uses its tuft to roast berries."
81,magnemite,"The electromagnetic waves emitted by the units at the sides of its head expel antigravity, which allows it to float."
472,gliscor,"It dances silently through the sky. When it approaches prey, it can land a critical hit in an instant."
38,ninetales,Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one ofits many tails could result in a 1000-year curse.
236,tyrogue,It is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes.
559,scraggy,"Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so it can reduce damage by defensively pulling its skin up to its neck."
894,regieleki,Its entire body is made up of a single organ that generates electrical energy. this Pokémon is capable of creating all Galar’s electricity.
313,volbeat,"It lives around clean ponds. At night, its rear lights up. It converses with others by flashing its light."
457,lumineon,It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins.
563,cofagrigus,Grave robbers who mistake them for real coffins and get too close end up trapped inside their bodies.
736,grubbin,Its strong jaw enables it to scrape trees and slurp out the sap. It normally lives underground.
489,phione,"It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted."
35,clefairy,"Bathed in moonlight, its wings glow faintly. Without even flapping, this Pokémon rises into the air, where it dances around."
292,shedinja,A peculiar POKéMON that floats in air even though its wings remain completely still. The inside of its body is hollow and utterly dark.
634,zweilous,"While hunting for prey, this Pokémon wanders its territory, its two heads often bickering over which way to go."
287,slakoth,It sleeps for 20 hours every day. Making drowsy those that see it is one of its abilities.
659,bunnelby,They use their large ears to dig burrows. They will dig the whole night through.
187,hoppip,"To keep from being blown away by the wind, they gather in clusters. But they do enjoy gentle breezes."
688,binacle,"Two this Pokémon live together on one rock. When they fight, one of them will move to a different rock."
226,mantine,"If it builds up enough speed swimming, it can fly over 300 feet out of the water from the surface of the ocean."
446,munchlax,"Stuffing itself with vast amounts of food is its only concern. Whether the food is rotten or fresh, yummy or tasteless—it does not care."
534,conkeldurr,"Rather than rely on force, they master moves that utilize the centrifugal force of spinning concrete."
35,clefairy,"Its adorable appearance makes it popular as a pet. However, it is rare and difficult to find."
418,buizel,It inflates the flotation sac around its neck and pokes its head out of the water to see what is going on.
222,corsola,It continuously sheds and grows. The tip of itshead is prized as a treasure for its beauty.
459,snover,"In the spring, it grows berries with the texture of frozen treats around its belly."
278,wingull,"It soars high in the sky, riding on updrafts like a glider. It carries food tucked in its bill."
574,gothita,"Even when nobody seems to be around, this Pokémon can still be heard making a muted cry. Many believe it’s speaking to something only it can see."
639,terrakion,"Spoken of in legend, this Pokémon used its phenomenal power to destroy a castle in its effort to protect Pokémon."
688,binacle,"If the two don’t work well together, both their offense and defense fall apart. Without good teamwork, they won’t survive."
83,farfetchd,"If anyone tries to disturb where the essential plant stalks grow, it uses its own stalk to thwart them."
10,caterpie,It releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly.
306,aggron,this Pokémon has a horn sharp enough to perforate thick iron sheets. It brings down its opponents by ramming into them horn first.
121,starmie,Its central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem.
3,venusaur,"It is able to convert sunlight into energy. As a result, it is more powerful in the summertime."
508,stoutland,"It pays no mind to the cold, thanks to its long warm coat. this Pokémon in Alola look a little uncomfortable."
463,lickilicky,The long tongue is always soggy with slobber. The saliva contains a solvent that causes numbness.
95,onix,It burrows through the ground at a speed of 50 mph while feeding on large boulders.
619,mienfoo,"In fights, they dominate with onslaughts of flowing, continuous attacks. With their sharp claws, they cut enemies."
21,spearow,Farmers whose fields are troubled by bug Pokémon appreciate this Pokémon for its vigorous appetite and look after it.
399,bidoof,It constantly gnaws on logs and rocks to whittle down its front teeth. It nests alongside water.
367,huntail,It’s not the strongest swimmer. It wags its tail to lure in its prey and then gulps them down as soon as they get close.
468,togekiss,It shares many blessings with people who respect one another’s rights and avoid needless strife.
422,shellos,"Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body, as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out."
127,pinsir,"If it fails to crush the victim in its pincers,it will swing it around and toss it hard."
249,lugia,"this Pokémon’s wings pack devastating power—a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this Pokémon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea."
68,machamp,"One arm alone can move mountains. Using all four arms, this Pokémon fires off awesome punches."
387,turtwig,"Made from soil, the shell on its back hardens when it drinks water. It lives along lakes."
191,sunkern,"It may plummet from the sky. If attacked by a SPEAROW, it will violently shake its leaves."
369,relicanth,A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.
470,leafeon,Its cellular composition is closer to that of a plant than an animal. It uses photosynthesis to produce its energy supply without eating food.
365,walrein,this Pokémon’s tusks keep growing throughout its life. Tusks broken in battle will grow back to their usual impressive size in a year.
420,cherubi,It evolves by sucking the energy out of the small ball where it had been storing nutrients.
82,magneton,Many mysteriously appear when more sunspots dot the sun. They stop TV sets from displaying properly.
157,typhlosion,It attacks using blasts of fire. It creates heat shimmers with intense fire to hide itself.
331,cacnea,"By storing water in its body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water."
358,chimecho,Its cries echo inside its hollow body to emerge as beautiful notes for startling and repelling foes.
32,nidoran-m,It raises its big ears to check its surroundings.It will strike first if it senses any danger.
524,roggenrola,"The hexagonal cavity is its ear. It walks in the direction of sounds it hears, but if the sounds cease, it panics and topples over."
54,psyduck,"As this Pokémon gets stressed out, its headache gets progressively worse. It uses intense psychic energy to overwhelm those around it."
242,blissey,this Pokémon lays mysterious eggs that are filled with happiness. It’s said that anyone who eats a this Pokémon egg will start acting kindly to all others.
59,arcanine,"this Pokémon is known for its high speed. It is said to be capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night.The fire that blazes wildly within this POKéMON’s body is its source of power."
218,slugma,"this Pokémon does not have any blood in its body. Instead, intensely hot magma circulates throughout this Pokémon’s body, carrying essential nutrients and oxygen to its organs."
128,tauros,"Once it takes aim at its foe, it makes a headlong charge. It is famous for its violent nature."
461,weavile,They communicate by clawing signs in boulders and work together to surround enemies.
133,eevee,A rare Pokémon that adapts to harsh environments by taking on different evolutionary forms.
260,swampert,"If it senses the approach of a storm and a tidal wave, it protects its seaside nest by piling up boulders. It swims as fast as a jet ski."
553,krookodile,"Its unique faculty of sight can detect small prey more than 30 miles away, even in the midst of a sandstorm."
31,nidoqueen,"this Pokémon is better at defense than offense. With scales like armor, this Pokémon will shield its children from any kind of attack."
623,golurk,"There’s a theory that inside this Pokémon is a perpetual motion machine that produces limitless energy, but this belief hasn’t been proven."
134,vaporeon,Its cells are composed of units much like water molecules. It lives close to water and is often mistaken for a mermaid.
170,chinchou,"When it senses danger, it discharges positive and negative electricity from its two antennae. It lives in depths beyond sunlight’s reach."
482,azelf,"It is thought that Uxie, Mesprit, and this Pokémon all came from the same egg."
423,gastrodon,"Long ago, it had a shell on its back. There’s now a vestigial plate on its back that’s hard but thin."
210,granbull,"It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs."
447,riolu,The aura that emanates from its body intensifies to alert others if it is afraid or sad.
489,phione,"It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted."
531,audino,"Using the feelers on its ears, it can tell how someone is feeling or when an egg might hatch."
21,spearow,"Very protective of its territory, it flaps its short wings busily to dart around at high speed."
132,ditto,"It can transform into anything. When it sleeps, it changes into a stone to avoid being attacked."
44,gloom,What appears to be drool is actually sweet honey. It isvery sticky and clings stubbornly if touched.
649,genesect,This Pokémon existed 300 million years ago. Team Plasma altered it and attached a cannon to its back.
11,metapod,Its shell is filled with a thick liquid. All of the cells throughout its body are being rebuilt in preparation for evolution.
59,arcanine,Its magnificent bark conveys a sense of majesty.Anyone hearing it can't help but grovel before it.
214,heracross,this Pokémon loves sweet sap and will go looking through forests for it. The Pokémon uses its two antennae to pick up scents as it searches.
69,bellsprout,"Even though its body is extremely skinny, it is blindingly fast when catching its prey."
447,riolu,"It can discern the physical and emotional states of people, Pokémon, and other natural things from the shape of their aura waves."
158,totodile,It has the habit of biting anything with its developed jaws. Even its Trainer needs to be careful.
144,articuno,"One of the legen­ dary bird POKéMON, it chills moisturein the atmosphere to create snow while flying."
241,miltank,"It is said that kids who drink this Pokémon’s milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults."
127,pinsir,One solid blow from its horns is enough to split apart a large tree. Its greatest rival in Alola is Vikavolt.
36,clefable,A timid fairy POKéMON that is rarely seen. Itwill run and hide the moment it senses people.
276,taillow,"When it gets cold, they migrate, flying over 180 miles a day. It hunts for tasty prey."
539,sawk,"Desiring the strongest karate chop, they seclude themselves in mountains and train without sleeping."
689,barbaracle,"When they evolve, two Binacle multiply into seven. They fight with the power of seven Binacle."
327,spinda,Each and every this Pokémon has a slightly different configuration of spots. There are collectors who enjoy the tiny differences in their spot patterns.
826,orbeetle,"It’s famous for its high level of intelligence, and the large size of its brain is proof that it also possesses immense psychic power."
136,flareon,"Inhaled air is heated in the flame sac in its body to an intense fire over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit."
343,baltoy,"When they find others of their kind, they cry out loudly and gather together. Large numbers of them can be found in old graveyards."
4,charmander,"The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when this Pokémon isenjoying itself. If the POKéMON becomes enraged, the flame burns fiercely."
67,machoke,It happily carries heavy cargo to toughen up. It willingly does hard work for people.
422,shellos,"This Pokémon’s habitat shapes its physique. According to some theories, life in warm ocean waters causes this variation to develop."
698,amaura,This ancient Pokémon was restored from part of its body that had been frozen in ice for over 100 million years.
273,seedot,this Pokémon looks exactly like an acorn when it is dangling from a tree branch. It startles other POKéMON by suddenlymoving. This POKéMON polishes its body once a day using leaves.
719,diancie,"A sudden transformation of Carbink, its pink, glimmering body is said to be the loveliest sight in the whole world."
709,trevenant,"It can control trees at will. It will trap people who harm the forest, so they can never leave."
580,ducklett,These bird Pokémon are excellent divers. They swim around in the water eating their favorite food--peat moss.
570,zorua,"To protect themselves from danger, they hide their true identities by transforming into people and Pokémon."
99,kingler,"Its oversized claw is very powerful, but when it's notin battle, the claw just gets in the way."
372,shelgon,"Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves."
318,carvanha,They swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls.
209,snubbull,"Despite its intimidating face, it’s quite cowardly. Its desperate attempts to appear threatening make it popular with people."
79,slowpoke,"It lazes vacantly near water. If something bites its tail, it won’t even notice for a whole day."
452,drapion,"Possessing a sturdy build, it takes pride in its strength, taking down foes without using toxins."
411,bastiodon,"When attacked, they form a wall with their shieldlike faces to protect their young."
23,ekans,"It can freely de­ tach its jaw to swallow large preywhole. It can be­ come too heavy to move, however."
375,metang,"It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its two brains are linked, amplifying its psychic power."
286,breloom,The seeds ringing this Pokémon’s tail are made of hardened toxic spores. It is horrible to eat the seeds.Just taking a bite of this POKéMON’s seed will cause your stomach to rumble.
361,snorunt,this Pokémon survives by eating only snow and ice. Old folklore claims that a house visited by this Pokémon is sure to prosper for many generations to come.
163,hoothoot,"It always stands on one foot. Even when attacked, it does not brace itself using both feet."
737,charjabug,"While its durable shell protects it from attacks, this Pokémon strikes at enemies with jolts of electricity discharged from the tips of its jaws."
5,charmeleon,"In the rocky mountains where this Pokémon live, their fiery tails shine at night like stars."
489,phione,"It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted."
395,empoleon,It swims as fast as a jet boat. The edges of its wings are sharp and can slice apart drifting ice.
140,kabuto,It is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell.
274,nuzleaf,This POKéMON pulls out the leaf on its head and makes a flute with it. The sound of this Pokémon’s flute strikesfear and uncertainty in the hearts of people lost in a forest.
257,blaziken,"When facing a tough foe, it looses flames from its wrists. Its powerful legs let it jump clear over buildings."
81,magnemite,It is attracted by electromagnetic waves. It may approach Trainers if they are using their Pokégear.
617,accelgor,"Having removed its heavy shell, it becomes very light and can fight with ninja-like movements."
41,zubat,"It does not need eyes, because it emits ultrasonic waves to check its surroundings while it flies."
403,shinx,All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded.
765,oranguru,With waves of its fan—made from leaves and its own fur—this Pokémon skillfully gives instructions to other Pokémon.
185,sudowoodo,"Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears more similar to rock than to vegetation."
142,aerodactyl,A Pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era. Its teeth are like saw blades.
723,dartrix,"It throws one knifelike feather after another at its enemies, and each one precisely strikes a weak point. These feathers are known as blade quills."
38,ninetales,Legend has it that this mystical Pokémon was formed when nine saints coalesced into one.
241,miltank,this Pokémon gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can’t drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.
44,gloom,"The honey it drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away."
201,unown,"When alone, nothing happens. However, if there are two or more, an odd power is said to emerge."
354,banette,"Resentment at being cast off made it spring into being. Some say that treating it well will satisfy it, and it will once more become a stuffed toy."
344,claydol,It appears to have been born from clay dolls made by ancient people. It uses telekinesis to float and move.
247,pupitar,"This dangerous pupa thrashes about. Its shell is as hard as bedrock, containing its gradually forming new body within."
240,magby,"Its body temperature is around 1,100 degrees F. It is healthy if it is breathing yellow flames."
114,tangela,The whole body is swathed with wide vines that aresimilar to sea­ weed. Its vines shake as it walks.
296,makuhita,"Their daily routine consists of training together first thing in the morning, eating and napping in the afternoon, and then more training afterward."
7,squirtle,"The shell, which hardens soon after it is born, is resilient. If you poke it, it will bounce back out."
678,meowstic,"When in danger, it raises its ears and releases enough psychic power to grind a 10-ton truck into dust."
236,tyrogue,"this Pokémon become stressed out if they do not get to train every day. When raising this POKéMON, the TRAINER must establish a regular training schedule."
153,bayleef,this Pokémon’s neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
239,elekid,"When its horns shine a bluish white, that’s the sign it’s fully charged. You’ll get a shocking jolt if you touch it!"
533,gurdurr,This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly built that even a group of wrestlers could not make it budge an inch.
66,machop,"With its superhuman strength, it’s able to throw a hundred people all at the same time. Its strength comes from lifting Graveler every day."
172,pichu,"When this Pokémon plays with others, it may short out electricity with another this Pokémon, creating a shower of sparks.In that event, this POKéMON will begin crying, startled by the flash of sparks."
168,ariados,"It attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends."
310,manectric,this Pokémon discharges strong electricity from its mane. The mane is used for collecting electricity in the atmosphere. This Pokémon creates thunderclouds above its head.
209,snubbull,"It has an active, playful nature. Many women like to frolic with it because of its affectionate ways."
708,phantump,These Pokémon are created when spirits possess rotten tree stumps. They prefer to live in abandoned forests.
224,octillery,"It instinctively sneaks into rocky holes. If it gets sleepy, it steals the nest of a fellow this Pokémon."
470,leafeon,"It basically does not fight. With cells similar to those of plants, it can perform photosynthesis."
409,rampardos,Its powerful head butt has enough power to shatter even the most durable things upon impact.
43,oddish,It often plants its root feet in the ground during the day and sows seeds as it walks about at night.
107,hitmonchan,The arm-twisting punches it throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting.
114,tangela,The whole body is swathed with wide vines that aresimilar to sea­ weed. Its vines shake as it walks.
387,turtwig,Photosynthesis occurs across its body under the sun. The shell on its back is actually hardened soil.
364,sealeo,"this Pokémon live in herds on ice floes. Using its powerful flippers, it shatters ice. It dives into the sea to hunt prey five times a day."
466,electivire,"It grips its tail, which spews electricity, and then beats down opponents with the power of its electrified fist."
642,thundurus,"As it flies around, it shoots lightning all over the place and causes forest fires. It is therefore disliked."
279,pelipper,"Skimming the water’s surface, it dips its large bill in the sea, scoops up food and water, and carries it."
285,shroomish,It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
37,vulpix,"It controls balls of fire. As it grows, its six tails split from their tips to make more tails."
331,cacnea,"By storing water in its body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water."
163,hoothoot,"It has a perfect sense of time. Whatever happens, it keeps rhythm by precisely tilting its head in time."
64,kadabra,"Many odd things happen if this POKéMON is closeby. For example, it makes clocks run backwards."
273,seedot,"If it remains still, it becomes impossible to distinguish from real nuts. It delights in surprising foraging PIDGEY."
456,finneon,"Swimming and fluttering its two tail fins, it looks like a BEAUTIFLY. At night, the patterns on its tail fins softly shine."
145,zapdos,A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appearfrom clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts.
207,gligar,"It usually clings to cliffs. When it spots its prey, it spreads its wings and glides down to attack."
507,herdier,"It has black, cape-like fur that is very hard and decreases the amount of damage it receives."
376,metagross,this Pokémon is the result of the fusion of two Metang. This Pokémon defeats its opponents through use of its supercomputer-level brain.
361,snorunt,"It’s said that if they are seen at midnight, they’ll cause heavy snow. They eat snow and ice to survive."
590,foongus,"It lures Pokémon with its pattern that looks just like a Poké Ball, then releases poison spores."
470,leafeon,"When you see this Pokémon asleep in a patch of sunshine, you’ll know it is using photosynthesis to produce clean air."
150,mewtwo,A Pokémon created by recombining MEW’s genes. It’s said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon.
339,barboach,It coats its entire body with a slimy fluid so it can squirm and slip away if grabbed.
132,ditto,"this Pokémon rearranges its cell structure to transform itself into other shapes. However, if it tries to transform itselfinto something by relying on its memory, this POKéMON manages to get details wrong."
707,klefki,These key collectors threaten any attackers by fiercely jingling their keys at them.
353,shuppet,"It feeds on the dark emotions of sadness and hatred, which make it grow steadily stronger."
436,bronzor,There are researchers who believe this Pokémon reflected like a mirror in the distant past.
301,delcatty,It is highly popular among female Trainers for its sublime fur. It does not keep a nest.
105,marowak,"From its birth, this savage Pokémon constantly holds bones. It is skilled in using them as weapons."
112,rhydon,"By lightly spin­ ning its drill- like horn, it caneasily shatter even a diamond in the rough."
58,growlithe,It is very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space.
357,tropius,"The bunches of fruit around this Pokémon’s neck are very popular with children. This POKéMON loves fruit, and eats itcontinuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit."
174,igglybuff,"Its extremely flexible and elastic body makes it bounce continuously--anytime, anywhere."
602,tynamo,"While one alone doesn’t have much power, a chain of many this Pokémon can be as powerful as lightning."
112,rhydon,"Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit."
52,meowth,"It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly."
61,poliwhirl,Staring at the swirl on its belly causes drowsiness. This trait of this Pokémon’s has been used in place of lullabies to get children to go to sleep.
130,gyarados,"Once it begins to rampage, a this Pokémon will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm."
128,tauros,"When it targets an enemy, it charges furiouslywhile whipping its body with its long tails."
715,noivern,The ultrasonic waves it emits from its ears can reduce a large boulder to pebbles. It swoops out of the dark to attack.
635,hydreigon,"It responds to movement by attacking. This scary, three-headed Pokémon devours everything in its path!"
59,arcanine,An ancient picture scroll shows that people wereattracted to its movement as it ran through prairies.
91,cloyster,"this Pokémon that live in seas with harsh tidal currents grow large, sharp spikes on their shells."
63,abra,A POKéMON that sleeps 18 hours a day. Observation revealed that it uses TELEPORT to change its location once every hour.
151,mew,"Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe this Pokémon to be the ancestor of Pokémon."
440,happiny,"It carefully carries a round, white rock that it thinks is an egg. It’s bothered by how curly its hair looks."
240,magby,"It’s small, but its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees F. Embers escape its mouth and nose when it breathes."
116,horsea,"It makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees."
379,registeel,"Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched."
6,charizard,"When expelling a blast of super hot fire, the redflame at the tip of its tail burns more intensely."
402,kricketune,"By allowing its cry to resonate in the hollow of its belly, it produces a captivating sound."
257,blaziken,"Flames spout from its wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes."
377,regirock,"Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself."
368,gorebyss,"It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason."
39,jigglypuff,"When it wavers its big, round eyes, it begins singing a lullaby that makes everyone drowsy."
60,poliwag,"Its skin is so thin, its internal organs are visible. It has trouble walking on its newly grown feet."
18,pidgeot,"By flapping its wings with all its might, this Pokémon can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees."
246,larvitar,It is born deep underground. It can't emerge untilit has entirely consumed the soil around it.
31,nidoqueen,this Pokémon’s body is encased in extremely hard scales. It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles.This POKéMON is at its strongest when it is defending its young.
113,chansey,"This species was once very slow. To protect their eggs from other creatures, these Pokémon became able to flee quickly."
293,whismur,"Its cries equal a jet plane in volume. It inhales through its ear canals. Because of this system, it can cry continually without having to catch its breath."
26,raichu,"Its electric charges can reach even 100,000 volts. Careless contact can cause even an Indian elephant to faint."
31,nidoqueen,this Pokémon’s body is encased in extremely hard scales. It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles. This Pokémon is at its strongest when it is defending its young.
737,charjabug,"Its body is capable of storing electricity. On camping trips, people are grateful to have one around."
431,glameow,It hides its spiteful tendency of hooking its claws into the nose of its Trainer if it isn’t fed.
792,lunala,"It steals the light from its surroundings and then becomes the full moon, showering its own light across the night sky."
326,grumpig,"this Pokémon uses the black pearls on its body to wield its fantastic powers. When it is doing so, it dances bizarrely.This POKéMON’s black pearls are valuable as works of art."
314,illumise,It guides VOLBEAT to draw signs in night skies. There are scientists that study the patterns it creates.
582,vanillite,"Born of an icicle, this Pokémon uses its frosty breath to make ice crystals, causing snow to fall."
383,groudon,Said to have expanded the lands by evaporating water with raging heat. It battled titanically with KYOGRE.
11,metapod,"It is waiting for the moment to evolve. At this stage, it can only harden, so it remains motionless to avoid attack."
675,pangoro,"It charges ahead and bashes its opponents like a berserker, uncaring about any hits it might take. Its arms are mighty enough to snap a telephone pole."
443,gible,"It lives in caves warmed by geothermal heat. Even so, when the weather gets cold, it will huddle close with others of its kind."
141,kabutops,"With sharp claws, this ferocious, ancient POKéMONrips apart prey and sucks their body fluids."
208,steelix,It chews its way through boulders with its sturdy jaws. Its eyes can see in the darkness underground.
220,swinub,It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs.
191,sunkern,"this Pokémon tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients ithas stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew."
106,hitmonlee,"When in a hurry, its legs lengthen progressively.It runs smoothly with extra long, loping strides."
67,machoke,"The belt around its waist holds back its energy. Without it, this Pokémon would be unstoppable."
465,tangrowth,"Its vines grow so profusely that, in the warm season, you can’t even see its eyes."
133,eevee,"Thanks to its unstable genetic makeup, this special Pokémon conceals many different possible evolutions."
480,uxie,It is said that its emergence gave humans the intelligence to improve their quality of life.
12,butterfree,It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.
720,hoopa,"It is said to be able to seize anything it desires with its six rings and six huge arms. With its power sealed, it is transformed into a much smaller form."
544,whirlipede,"It is usually motionless, but when attacked, it rotates at high speed and then crashes into its opponent."
769,sandygast,"Born from a sand mound playfully built by a child, this Pokémon embodies the grudges of the departed."
101,electrode,It is known to drift on winds if it is bloated to bursting with stored electricity.
156,quilava,It intimidates foes with the heat of its flames. The fire burns more strongly when it readies to fight.
237,hitmontop,"If you become enchanted by its smooth, elegant,dance-like kicks, you may get drilled hard."
367,huntail,"It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey."
120,staryu,"Even if its body is torn, it can regenerate as long as the glowing central core remains intact."
636,larvesta,"It protects itself with flame. Long years ago, people believed this Pokémon had a nest on the sun."
115,kangaskhan,"Although it’s carrying its baby in a pouch on its belly, this Pokémon is swift on its feet. It intimidates its opponents with quick jabs."
11,metapod,The shell covering this Pokémon’s body is as hard as an iron slab. this Pokémon does not move very much. It stays still because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the hard shell.
848,toxel,"It stores poison in an internal poison sac and secretes that poison through its skin. If you touch this Pokémon, a tingling sensation follows."
478,froslass,It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees Fahrenheit. What seems to be its body is actually hollow.
13,weedle,"Often found in forests, eating leaves.It has a sharp venomous stinger on its head."
211,qwilfish,A this Pokémon uses the pressure of water it swallows to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming to be somewhat challenging.
271,lombre,"It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere."
711,gourgeist,"In the darkness of a new-moon night, this Pokémon will come knocking. Whoever answers the door will be swept off to the afterlife."
150,mewtwo,"A POKéMON that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans made its body, they failed to give it a warm heart."
321,wailord,Its immense size is the reason for its popularity. this Pokémon watching is a favorite sightseeing activity in various parts of the world.
572,minccino,"These Pokémon prefer a tidy habitat. They are always sweeping and dusting, using their tails as brooms."
250,ho-oh,Its feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness.
510,liepard,These Pokémon vanish and appear unexpectedly. Many Trainers are drawn to their beautiful form and fur.
702,dedenne,A this Pokémon’s whiskers pick up electrical waves other this Pokémon send out. These Pokémon share locations of food or electricity with one another.
512,simisage,It strikes its enemies with a thorn-covered tail. The leaf on its head is bitter.
375,metang,"With its two brains, it fires powerful psychic energy to stop its prey in their tracks."
57,primeape,"It grows angry if you see its eyes and gets angrier if you run. If you beat it, it gets even madder."
287,slakoth,"this Pokémon’s heart beats just once a minute. Whatever happens, it is content to loaf around motionless. It is rare to see this Pokémon in motion."
196,espeon,"Its fur is so sensitive, it can feel minute shifts in the air and predict the weather...and its foes’ thoughts."
2,ivysaur,The bud on its back grows by drawing energy. It gives off an aroma when it is ready to bloom.
371,bagon,"Whenever it sees bird Pokémon flying through the sky, it becomes envious and smashes its surroundings to bits with headbutts."
225,delibird,"It carries food all day long. When someone is lost in the mountains, it shares that food."
50,diglett,"A Pokémon that lives underground. Because of its dark habitat, it is repelled by bright sunlight."
366,clamperl,It makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power.
381,latios,"It has a docile temperament and dislikes fighting. Tucking in its forelegs, it can fly faster than a jet plane."
58,growlithe,"Extremely loyal, it will fearlessly bark at any opponent to protect its own Trainer from harm."
54,psyduck,"When headaches stimulate its brain cells, which are usually inactive, it can use a mysterious power."
438,bonsly,It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level.
147,dratini,It sheds its skin—almost on a daily basis—and grows larger. Its skin is soft just after it’s been shed.
56,mankey,"Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile one moment, then thrashing away the next instant."
548,petilil,"Since they prefer moist, nutrient-rich soil, the areas where this Pokémon live are known to be good for growing plants."
64,kadabra,It happened one morning - a boy with extrasensory powers awoke in bed transformed into this Pokémon.
175,togepi,"As its energy, it uses the feelings of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and POKéMON. It stores up happy feelings in its shell, then shares them out."
194,wooper,"this Pokémon usually lives in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food.On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film."
599,klink,Two bodies comprise a fixed pair. They spin around each other to generate energy.
436,bronzor,Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related.
410,shieldon,"Although its fossils can be found in layers of primeval rock, nothing but its face has ever been discovered."
394,prinplup,"Because every this Pokémon considers itself to be the most important, they can never form a group."
7,squirtle,It shelters itself in its shell then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity.
196,espeon,"By reading air currents, it can predict things such as the weather or its foe’s next move."
268,cascoon,"Its body, which is made of soft silk, hardens over time. When cracks appear, evolution is near."
661,fletchling,"When this Pokémon gets excited, its body temperature increases sharply. If you touch a this Pokémon with bare hands, you might get burned."
477,dusknoir,It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
239,elekid,"It generates electricity by whirling its arms. However, it can’t store the energy it makes."
43,oddish,"During the day, it keeps its face buried in theground. At night, it wanders around sowing its seeds."
400,bibarel,"A river dammed by this Pokémon will never overflow its banks, which is appreciated by people nearby."
131,lapras,A gentle soul that can understand human speech. It can ferry people across the sea on its back.
16,pidgey,A common sight in forests and woods. It flaps its wings at ground level to kick up blinding sand.
30,nidorina,"When it is with its friends or family, its barbs are tucked away to prevent injury. It appears to become nervous if separated from the others."
180,flaaffy,"If its coat becomes fully charged with electricity, its tail lights up. It fires hair that zaps on impact."
751,dewpider,"this Pokémon normally lives underwater. When it comes onto land in search of food, it takes water with it in the form of a bubble on its head."
588,karrablast,These mysterious Pokémon evolve when they receive electrical stimulation while they are in the same place as Shelmet.
82,magneton,"When three Magnemite link together, their brains also become one. They do not become three times more intelligent."
105,marowak,this Pokémon is the evolved form of a CUBONE that has overcome its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough.This POKéMON’s tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken.
293,whismur,"Normally, this Pokémon’s voice is very quiet—it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this Pokémon senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume."
163,hoothoot,"It has a perfect sense of time. Whatever happens, it keeps rhythm by precisely tilting its head in time."
256,combusken,Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
218,slugma,"Its body is made of magma. If it doesn’t keep moving, its body will cool and harden."
73,tentacruel,"With 80 tentacles for ensnaring victims, it prevents escape until the prey is weakened by poison."
194,wooper,"When it walks around on the ground, it coats its body with a slimy, poisonous film."
492,shaymin,It can dissolve toxins in the air to instantly transform ruined land into a lush field of flowers.
174,igglybuff,this Pokémon loves to sing. Its marshmallow-like body gives off a faint sweet smell.
595,joltik,"They attach themselves to large-bodied Pokémon and absorb static electricity, which they store in an electric pouch."
463,lickilicky,It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to it will leave you soaked with drool.
537,seismitoad,It increases the power of its punches by vibrating the bumps on its fists. It can turn a boulder to rubble with one punch.
28,sandslash,Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. Itcan roll while curled up to attack or escape.
329,vibrava,"It violently shudders its wings, generating ultrasonic waves to induce headaches in people."
673,gogoat,They inhabit mountainous regions. The leader of the herd is decided by a battle of clashing horns.
228,houndour,It uses different kinds of cries for communicating withothers of its kind and for pursuing its prey.
169,crobat,"The transformation of its legs into wings made it better at flying, but more clumsy at walking."
583,vanillish,"They cool down the surrounding air and create ice particles, which they use to freeze their foes."
710,pumpkaboo,It is said to carry wandering spirits to the place where they belong so they can move on.
406,budew,"Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen."
106,hitmonlee,"Its legs freely stretch and contract. Using these springlike limbs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its tired legs."
549,lilligant,Even veteran Trainers face a challenge in getting its beautiful flower to bloom. This Pokémon is popular with celebrities.
191,sunkern,"this Pokémon tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients it has stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew."
107,hitmonchan,"Its punches slice the air. However, it seems to need a short break after fighting for three minutes."
534,conkeldurr,They use concrete pillars as walking canes. They know moves that enable them to swing the pillars freely in battle.
284,masquerain,It intimidates enemies with the eye-like patterns on its antennae. Its four wings allow it to fly in any direction.
485,heatran,It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls.
108,lickitung,"Its long tongue, slathered with a gooey saliva, sticks to anything, so it is very useful."
525,boldore,The energy overflowing from its body has turned into orange crystals that are hard enough to smash diamonds.
45,vileplume,"The larger its petals, the more toxic pollen itcontains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up."
714,noibat,"They live in pitch-black caves. Their enormous ears can emit ultrasonic waves of 200,000 hertz."
722,rowlet,"Silently it glides, drawing near its targets. Before they even notice it, it begins to pelt them with vicious kicks."
560,scrafty,"It pulls up its shed skin to protect itself while it kicks. The bigger the crest, the more respected it is."
285,shroomish,"this Pokémon live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves. This Pokémon feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves."
64,kadabra,"this Pokémon holds a silver spoon in its hand. The spoon is used to amplify the alpha waves in its brain.Without the spoon, the POKéMON is said to be limited to half the usual amount of its telekinetic powers."
557,dwebble,"When it finds a stone of a suitable size, it secretes a liquid from its mouth to open up a hole to crawl into."
373,salamence,"As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out."
191,sunkern,"It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. A year after a cold summer, their population explodes."
73,tentacruel,this Pokémon has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast.This POKéMON’s outburst creates rough waves around it.
138,omanyte,"Revived from an ancient fossil, this Pokémon uses air stored in its shell to sink and rise in water."
36,clefable,"They appear to be very protective of their own world. It is a kind of fairy, rarely seen by people."
348,armaldo,this Pokémon’s tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This Pokémon’s two enormous claws can be freely extended or contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab.
717,yveltal,"When its life comes to an end, it absorbs the life energy of every living thing and turns into a cocoon once more."
138,omanyte,"this Pokémon lived in the seas of antiquity. Its fossils have been found bearing bite marks from Archeops, so apparently Archeops preyed on it."
23,ekans,"The eggs of bird Pokémon are its favorite food. It swallows eggs whole, so sometimes an egg gets stuck, and this Pokémon faints."
244,entei,this Pokémon embodies the passion of magma. This POKéMON is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano.It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch.
30,nidorina,"When resting deep in its burrow, its barbs always retract. This is proof that it is relaxed."
7,squirtle,"this Pokémon’s shell is not merely used for protection. The shell’s rounded shape and the grooves on its surface help minimize resistance in water, enabling this Pokémon to swim at high speeds."
323,camerupt,"If angered, the humps on its back erupt in a shower of molten lava. It lives in the craters of volcanoes."
215,sneasel,"A smart and sneaky Pokémon, it makes its opponents flinch by suddenly showing the claws hidden in its paws."
66,machop,this Pokémon’s muscles are special - they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise.This POKéMON has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans.
145,zapdos,"One of the legendary bird POKéMON. While it is flying, it makes crackling and snapping sounds."
603,eelektrik,"These Pokémon have a big appetite. When they spot their prey, they attack it and paralyze it with electricity."
346,cradily,"It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches."
307,meditite,It meditates to heighten its inner energy and to float in the air. It eats one berry a day.
466,electivire,"As its electric charge amplifies, blue sparks begin to crackle between its horns."
444,gabite,"As it digs to expand its nest, it habitually digs up gems that it then hoards in its nest."
439,mime-jr,It mimics the expressions and motions of those it sees to understand the feelings of others.
94,gengar,"It steals heat from its surround­ ings. If you feela sudden chill, it is certain that a this Pokémon appeared."
139,omastar,Its heavy shell allowed it to reach only nearbyfood. This could be the reason it is extinct.
570,zorua,"To protect themselves from danger, they hide their true identities by transforming into people and Pokémon."
89,muk,"They love to gath­ er in smelly areas where sludge ac­cumulates, making the stench around them worse."
81,magnemite,"Perhaps because electrical lines are often buried these days, the number of this Pokémon attacks on power plants has increased."
38,ninetales,this Pokémon casts a sinister light from its bright red eyes to gain total control over its foe’s mind. This Pokémon is said to live for a thousand years.
217,ursaring,"With its ability to distinguish any smell, it unfailingly finds all food buried deep underground."
53,persian,this Pokémon has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the Pokémon’s surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.
155,cyndaquil,"It is timid, and always curls it­ self up in a ball.If attacked, it flares up its back for protection."
215,sneasel,"They will cooperate to steal eggs from the nests of bird Pokémon, but fights break out to determine which one gets to eat the eggs."
379,registeel,"Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched."
255,torchic,Inside its body is a place where it keeps a small flame. Hug it! It will be as warm as a hot-water bottle.
106,hitmonlee,"this Pokémon’s legs freely contract and stretch. Using these springlike legs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks.After battle, it rubs down its legs and loosens the muscles to overcome fatigue."
130,gyarados,Brutally vicious and enormously destructive.Known for totally destroying cities in ancient times.
655,delphox,"Using psychic power, it generates a fiery vortex of 5,400 degrees Fahrenheit, incinerating foes swept into this whirl of flame."
232,donphan,A this Pokémon is so strong it can easily haul a dump truck. Its hide has toughened to a rock-hard state. An ordinary sort of attack won’t even leave a scratch.
128,tauros,"After heightening its will to fight by whipping itself with its three tails, it charges at full speed."
584,vanilluxe,"Even if it loses one of its heads, it can live relatively problem-free. It makes snow clouds inside its body."
369,relicanth,Rock-hard scales and oil-filled swim bladders allow this Pokémon to survive the intense water pressure of the deep sea.
280,ralts,The horns on its head provide a strong power that enables it to sense people’s emotions.
246,larvitar,"It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it will fall asleep so it can grow."
884,duraludon,"Its body resembles polished metal, and it’s both lightweight and strong. The only drawback is that it rusts easily."
17,pidgeotto,"It flies over its wide territory in search of prey, downing it with its highly developed claws."
43,oddish,"It may be mistaken for a clump of weeds. If you try to yank it out of the ground, it shrieks horribly."
76,golem,"Once a year, this Pokémon molts, and its shed shell returns to the soil. This process creates enriched soil, so farmers collect the shells."
198,murkrow,"It searches for shiny things for its boss. this Pokémon’s presence is said to be unlucky, so many people detest it."
759,stufful,"Despite its adorable appearance, when it gets angry and flails about, its arms and legs could knock a pro wrestler sprawling."
224,octillery,"It traps foes with the suction cups on its tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head."
278,wingull,It soars on updrafts without flapping its wings. It makes a nest on sheer cliffs at the sea’s edge.
407,roserade,"Each of its hands contains different toxins, but both hands can jab with near-fatal power."
527,woobat,Suction from its nostrils enables it to stick to cave walls during sleep. It leaves a heart-shaped mark behind.
44,gloom,The fluid that oozes from its mouth isn't drool.It is a nectar that is used to attract prey.
269,dustox,"Toxic powder is scattered with each flap. At night, it is known to strip leaves off trees lining boulevards."
34,nidoking,"this Pokémon prides itself on its strength. It’s forceful and spirited in battle, making use of its thick tail and diamond-crushing horn."
435,skuntank,It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is over 160 feet.
209,snubbull,"By baring its fangs and making a scary face, this Pokémon sends smaller POKéMON scurrying away in terror.However, this POKéMON seems a little sad at making its foes flee."
362,glalie,It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere. It uses this power to freeze its foes.
239,elekid,"this Pokémon stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity,this POKéMON begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself."
81,magnemite,It is attracted by electromagnetic waves. It mayapproach trainers if they are using their POKéGEAR.
768,golisopod,"It battles skillfully with its six arms, but spends most of its time peacefully meditating in caves deep beneath the sea."
173,cleffa,"When numerous meteors illuminate the night sky, sightings of this Pokémon strangely increase."
265,wurmple,this Pokémon is targeted by SWELLOW as prey. This POKéMON will try to resist by pointing the spikes on its rear at theattacking predator. It will weaken the foe by leaking poison from the spikes.
573,cinccino,Their white fur feels amazing to touch. Their fur repels dust and prevents static electricity from building up.
130,gyarados,Brutally vicious and enormously destructive. Known for totally destroying cities in ancient times.
216,teddiursa,"If it finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It always licks its paws because they’re soaked with honey."
633,deino,"It tends to bite everything, and it is not a picky eater. Approaching it carelessly is dangerous."
412,burmy,"It covers itself with a cloak to shelter from the cold. When it’s hot, its cloak is thinner."
130,gyarados,"Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, it is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage."
94,gengar,The leer that floats in darkness belongs to a this Pokémon delighting in casting curses on people.
363,spheal,"It is completely covered with plushy fur. As a result, it never feels the cold even when it is rolling about on ice floes or diving in the sea."
607,litwick,The flame on its head keeps its body slightly warm. This Pokémon takes lost children by the hand to guide them to the spirit world.
63,abra,Using its psychic power is such a strain on its brain that it needs to sleep for 18 hours a day.
579,reuniclus,These remarkably intelligent Pokémon fight by controlling arms that can grip with rock-crushing power.
137,porygon,State-of-the-art technology was used to create this Pokémon. It was the first artificial Pokémon to be created via computer programming.
181,ampharos,"When it gets dark, the light from its bright, shiny tailcan be seen from far away on the ocean's surface."
322,numel,"The magma in its body reaches 2,200 degrees F. Its hump gets smaller when it uses Fire-type moves."
110,weezing,"It grows by feeding on gases released by garbage. Though very rare, triplets have been found."
275,shiftry,"By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 ft/second that can level houses."
91,cloyster,"Once it slams its shell shut, it is impossible to open, even by those with superior strength."
278,wingull,"It makes its nest on steep sea cliffs. Riding updrafts, it soars to great heights."
156,quilava,"Before battle, it turns its back on its opponent to demonstrate how ferociously its fire blazes."
442,spiritomb,It was formed by uniting 108 spirits. It has been bound to the Odd Keystone to keep it from doing any mischief.
46,paras,"It is doused with mushroom spores when it is born.As its body grows, mushrooms sprout from its back."
531,audino,"Using the feelers on its ears, it can tell how someone is feeling or when an egg might hatch."
816,sobble,"When it gets wet, its skin changes color, and this Pokémon becomes invisible as if it were camouflaged."
178,xatu,"While it can see the future, it has no desire to change it, which is probably why it remains motionless at all times."
680,doublade,"When Honedge evolves, it divides into two swords, which cooperate via telepathy to coordinate attacks and slash their enemies to ribbons."
391,monferno,It uses ceilings and walls to launch aerial attacks. Its fiery tail is but one weapon.
39,jigglypuff,"By freely changing the wavelength of its voice, this Pokémon sings a mysterious melody sure to make any listener sleepy."
152,chikorita,"In battle, this Pokémon waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also waftsfrom the leaf, becalming the battling POKéMON and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around."
118,goldeen,Its dorsal and pectoral fins are strongly developed like muscles. It can swim at a speed of five knots.
162,furret,The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed.
262,mightyena,this Pokémon gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack. It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body. This Pokémon will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs.
371,bagon,Its steel-hard head can shatter boulders. It longingly hopes for wings to grow so it can fly.
808,meltan,"They live as a group, but when the time comes, one strong this Pokémon will absorb all the others and evolve."
228,houndour,"To corner prey, they check each other’s location using barks that only they can understand."
428,lopunny,"The ears appear to be delicate. If they are touched roughly, it kicks with its graceful legs."
257,blaziken,"It learns martial arts that use punches and kicks. Every several years, its old feathers burn off, and new, supple feathers grow back in their place."
560,scrafty,It can smash concrete blocks with its kicking attacks. The one with the biggest crest is the group leader.
85,dodrio,"It collects data and plans three times as wisely,but it may think too much and be­ come immobilized."
98,krabby,It lives in burrows dug on sandy beaches. Its pincers fully grow back if they are broken in battle.
21,spearow,"To protect its territory, it flies aroundceaselessly, making high- pitched cries."
50,diglett,Lives about one yard underground where it feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears aboveground.
115,kangaskhan,Raises its young in its belly pouch. Won’t run from any fight to keep its young protected.
499,pignite,"When its internal fire flares up, its movements grow sharper and faster. When in trouble, it emits smoke."
419,floatzel,It is a common sight around fishing ports. It is known to rescue people and carry off prey.
486,regigigas,There is an enduring legend that states this Pokémon towed continents with ropes.
249,lugia,It is said to be the guardian of the seas. It is rumored to have been seen on the night of a storm.
109,koffing,"Lighter-than-air gases in its body keep it aloft. The gases not only smell, they are also explosive."
771,pyukumuku,"It lives in warm, shallow waters. If it encounters a foe, it will spit out its internal organs as a means to punch them."
147,dratini,"It sheds many lay­ ers of skin as it grows larger. Dur­ing this process, it is protected by a rapid waterfall."
301,delcatty,It is highly popular among female Trainers for its sublime fur. It does not keep a nest.
120,staryu,An enigmatic POKéMON that can effortlesslyregenerate any appendage it loses in battle.
407,roserade,"With the movements of a dancer, it strikes with whips that are densely lined with poison thorns."
618,stunfisk,"Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt even if stepped on by sumo wrestlers. It smiles when transmitting electricity."
95,onix,"this Pokémon has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this Pokémon does not lose direction while it is tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother."
205,forretress,It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
172,pichu,The electric pouches on its cheeks are still small. They cannot store much electricity yet.
46,paras,this Pokémon has this Pokémonitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this Bug Pokémon host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.
110,weezing,"If one of the twin Koffing inflates, the other one deflates. It constantly mixes its poisonous gases."
302,sableye,"It’s a fiend for gemstones, so it stalks Carbink. Unfortunately, Gabite almost always grabs them first."
421,cherrim,"During times of strong sunlight, its bud blooms, its petals open fully, and it becomes very active."
249,lugia,"It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm."
203,girafarig,The head on its tail contains a small brain. It can instinctively fight even while facing backward.
23,ekans,"The older it gets, the longer it grows. At night, it wraps its long body around tree branches to rest."
216,teddiursa,"Before food be­ comes scarce in wintertime, itshabit is to hoard food in many hid­ den locations."
76,golem,"Its body can survive dynamite blasts without a single scratch, but it hates rain and humidity."
188,skiploom,The bloom on top of its head opens and closes as the temperature fluctuates up and down.
587,emolga,They live on treetops and glide using the inside of a cape-like membrane while discharging electricity.
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer.
468,togekiss,"Known as a bringer of blessings, it’s been depicted on good-luck charms since ancient times."
119,seaking,"Using its horn, it bores holes in riverbed boulders, making nests to prevent its eggs from washing away."
447,riolu,The aura that emanates from its body intensifies to alert others if it is afraid or sad.
150,mewtwo,"It usually remains motionless to con­ serve energy, sothat it may un­ leash its full power in battle."
200,misdreavus,It loves to watch people it's scar­ ed. It frightensthem by screaming loudly or appear­ ing suddenly.
3,venusaur,"After a rainy day, the flower on its back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon."
690,skrelp,"Camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray liquid poison on prey that approaches unawares and then finish it off."
793,nihilego,"A life-form from another world, it was dubbed a UB and is thought to produce a strong neurotoxin."
289,slaking,"The world’s laziest Pokémon. When it is lounging, it is actually saving energy for striking back."
43,oddish,"If exposed to moonlight, it starts to move. It roams far and wide at night to scatter its seeds."
489,phione,"When the water warms, they inflate the flotation sac on their heads and drift languidly on the sea in packs."
561,sigilyph,"The guardians of an ancient city, they use their psychic power to attack enemies that invade their territory."
35,clefairy,"Its adorable behavior and cry make it highly popular. However, this cute Pokémon is rarely found."
118,goldeen,"Its dorsal, pectoral, and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the Water Dancer."
324,torkoal,"this Pokémon generates energy by burning coal. It grows weaker as the fire dies down.When it is preparing for battle, this POKéMON burns more coal."
32,nidoran-m,"Small but brave, this Pokémon will hold its ground and even risk its life in battle to protect the female it’s friendly with."
6,charizard,"When this Pokémon expels a blast of superhot fire, the red flame at the tip of its tail burns more intensely."
368,gorebyss,"Its swimming form is exquisitely elegant. With its thin mouth, it feeds on seaweed that grows between rocks."
564,tirtouga,"Restored from a fossil, this Pokémon can dive to depths beyond half a mile."
363,spheal,It rolls across ice floes to reach shore because its body is poorly shaped for swimming.
155,cyndaquil,"It flares flames from its back to protect itself. The fire burns vigorously if the POKéMON is angry. When it is tired, it sputters with incomplete combustion."
506,lillipup,This Pokémon is courageous but also cautious. It uses the soft fur covering its face to collect information about its surroundings.
96,drowzee,It can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams.
426,drifblim,"At dusk, swarms of them are carried aloft on winds. When noticed, they suddenly vanish."
883,arctovish,"The skin on its face is impervious to attack, but breathing difficulties made this Pokémon go extinct anyway."
508,stoutland,It rescues people stranded by blizzards in the mountains. Its shaggy fur shields it from the cold.
149,dragonite,It is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore.
463,lickilicky,"this Pokémon can do just about anything with its tongue, which is as dexterous as the human hand. In contrast, this Pokémon’s use of its fingers is clumsy."
240,magby,"It’s small, but its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. Embers escape its mouth and nose when it breathes."
546,cottonee,"When attacked, it escapes by shooting cotton from its body. The cotton serves as a decoy to distract the attacker."
332,cacturne,"It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day’s desert heat."
92,gastly,Poisonous gas comprises 95% of its body. It’s said that the remaining 5% is made up of the souls of those who died from the gas.
200,misdreavus,"It likes playing mischievous tricks, such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night. "
172,pichu,It is not yet skilled at storing electricity.It may send out a jolt if amused or startled.
622,golett,"They were sculpted from clay in ancient times. No one knows why, but some of them are driven to continually line up boulders."
80,slowbro,"Spacing out is basically all it does. It turns back into Slowpoke if its tail, along with Shellder, breaks off."
395,empoleon,The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns.
140,kabuto,A POKéMON that was recovered from a fossil. It usesthe eyes on its back while hiding on the sea floor.
313,volbeat,It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves Illumise’s sweet aroma.
490,manaphy,It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond with any kind of Pokémon.
71,victreebel,"It pools in its mouth a fluid with a honey-like scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything."
127,pinsir,"If it fails to crush the victim in its pincers,it will swing it around and toss it hard."
471,glaceon,It causes small ice crystals to form by lowering the temperature of the surrounding atmosphere.
62,poliwrath,Swims powerfully using all the muscles in its body. It can even overtake world-class swimmers.
493,arceus,It is told in mythology that this Pokémon was born before the universe even existed.
534,conkeldurr,"Rather than rely on force, they master moves that utilize the centrifugal force of spinning concrete."
202,wobbuffet,"To keep its pitch-black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack."
347,anorith,"An ancestral Pokémon that lived in the ocean. Over time, its eight feet transformed into wings."
151,mew,So rare that it is still said to be a mirage bymany experts. Only a few people have seen it worldwide.
38,ninetales,"Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1,000-year curse."
373,salamence,"Overjoyed at finally being able to fly, it flies all over the place and usually doesn’t land until it’s completely exhausted and needs to sleep."
244,entei,"It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe."
418,buizel,It spins its two tails like a screw to propel itself through water. The tails also slice clinging seaweed.
354,banette,this Pokémon generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking pins into its own body. This Pokémon was originally a pitiful plush doll that was thrown away.
6,charizard,"When expelling a blast of superhot fire, the red flame at the tip of its tail burns more intensely."
8,wartortle,"Its tail is large and covered with a rich, thick fur. The tail becomes increasingly deeper in color as this Pokémon ages.The scratches on its shell are evidence of this POKéMON’s toughness as a battler."
235,smeargle,A special fluid oozes from the tip of its tail. Itpaints the fluid everywhere to mark its territory.
132,ditto,"this Pokémon rearranges its cell structure to transform itself into other shapes. However, if it tries to transform itself into something by relying on its memory, this Pokémon manages to get details wrong."
169,crobat,This Pokémon flaps its four wings skillfully. this Pokémon can fly through cramped caves without needing to slow down.
291,ninjask,"Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap."
42,golbat,"It loves to drink other creatures’ blood. It’s said that if it finds others of its kind going hungry, it sometimes shares the blood it’s gathered."
364,sealeo,"Be it Spheal or Poké Ball, it will spin any round object on its nose with the greatest of ease."
103,exeggutor,"Its three heads think independently. However, they are friendly and never appear to squabble."
306,aggron,"It claims an entire mountain as its own. The more wounds it has, the more it has battled, so don’t take it lightly."
98,krabby,"this Pokémon live on beaches, burrowed inside holes dug into the sand. On sandy beaches with little in the way of food, these Pokémon can be seen squabbling with each other over territory."
632,durant,"this Pokémon dig nests in mountains. They build their complicated, interconnected tunnels into mazes."
142,aerodactyl,This vicious Pokémon is said to have flown in ancient skies while shrieking high-pitched cries.
219,magcargo,"Its body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees F. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell."
223,remoraid,It clings to MANTINE to feed on the big Pokémon’s scraps. This is an adaptation to avoid foes.
92,gastly,"Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by its gaseous body, which contains poison."
143,snorlax,"Will eat anything, even if the food happens to be a little moldy. It never gets an upset stomach."
145,zapdos,A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. It freely controls lightning bolts.
14,kakuna,This POKéMON is in a temporary stage while making its body. It is almost completely unable to move on its own.
283,surskit,"They usually live on ponds, but after an evening shower, they may appear on puddles in towns."
168,ariados,this Pokémon’s feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls.This POKéMON constricts the foe with thin and strong silk webbing.
30,nidorina,"When feeding its young, it first chews the food into a paste, then spits it out for the offspring."
13,weedle,this Pokémon has an extremely acute sense of smell. It is capable of distinguishing its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes just by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose).
237,hitmontop,It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by ten.
87,dewgong,"It sleeps under shallow ocean waters during theday, then looks for food at night when it's cold."
128,tauros,"Once it takes aim at its foe, it makes a headlong charge. It is famous for its violent nature."
191,sunkern,It lives by drinking only dewdrops from under the leaves of plants. It is said that it eats nothing else.
380,latias,this Pokémon is highly intelligent and capable of understanding human speech. It is covered with a glass-like down.The POKéMON enfolds its body with its down and refracts light to alter its appearance.
523,zebstrika,"They have lightning-like movements. When this Pokémon run at full speed, the sound of thunder reverberates."
250,ho-oh,Its feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness.
674,pancham,It chooses a Pangoro as its master and then imitates its master’s actions. This is how it learns to battle and hunt for prey.
580,ducklett,"They are better at swimming than flying, and they happily eat their favorite food, peat moss, as they dive underwater."
737,charjabug,"It buries itself in fallen leaves and barely moves, munching away on humus. If you accidentally step on one, you’ll get a shock!"
212,scizor,It has a steel-hard body. It intimidates foes by upraising its eye-patterned pincers.
22,fearow,It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
87,dewgong,"Its streamlined body has low resistance, and it swims around cold oceans at a speed of eight knots."
2,ivysaur,The bud on its back grows by drawing energy. It gives off an aroma when it is ready to bloom.
413,wormadam,It is said that a this Pokémon that evolves on a cold day will have a thicker cloak.
113,chansey,"It walks carefully to prevent its egg from breaking. However, it is extremely fast at running away."
452,drapion,It attacks people and Pokémon that cross the desert. This has only furthered its bad reputation.
630,mandibuzz,It makes a nest out of bones it finds. It grabs weakened prey in its talons and hauls it to its nest of bones.
549,lilligant,"The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect, but taking care of it is very difficult."
375,metang,"It floats midair using magnetism. Its body is so tough, even a crash with a jet plane won’t leave a scratch."
209,snubbull,"Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute."
381,latios,It understands human speech and is highly intelligent. It is a tender Pokémon that dislikes fighting.
356,dusclops,It seeks drifting will-o’-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.
62,poliwrath,"Although an ener­ getic, skilled swimmer that usesall of its mus­ cles, it lives on dry land."
35,clefairy,The moonlight that it stores in the wings on its back apparently gives it the ability to float in midair.
394,prinplup,Its wings deliver wicked blows that snap even the thickest of trees. It searches for prey in icy seas.
546,cottonee,"Perhaps because they feel more at ease in a group, they stick to others they find. They end up looking like a cloud."
329,vibrava,"this Pokémon’s wings have not yet completed the process of growing. Rather than flying long distances,they are more useful for generating ultrasonic waves by vibrating."
99,kingler,"this Pokémon has an enormous, oversized claw. It waves this huge claw in the air to communicate with others. However, because the claw is so heavy, the Pokémon quickly tires."
107,hitmonchan,this Pokémon is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working towards a world championship.This POKéMON has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity.
159,croconaw,"Once its jaws clamp down on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like fishhooks, they become irremovably embedded."
89,muk,Its body is made of a powerful poi­ son. Touching itaccidentally will cause a fever that requires bed rest.
122,mr-mime,"If interrupted while it is miming, it will suddenly DOUBLESLAP the offender with its broad hands."
320,wailmer,It eats one ton of food every day. It plays by shooting stored seawater out its blowholes with great force.
302,sableye,It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
490,manaphy,It starts its life with a wondrous power that permits it to bond with any kind of Pokémon.
128,tauros,"A rowdy POKéMON with a lot of stamina. Oncerunning, it won't stop until it hits something."
409,rampardos,Its skull is as hard as iron. It is a brute that tears down jungle trees while catching prey.
116,horsea,"It makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees."
64,kadabra,"When it uses its psychic power, it emits strong alpha waves that can ruin precision devices."
747,mareanie,"Aside from its head, its body parts regenerate quickly if they’re cut off. After a good night’s sleep, this Pokémon is back to normal."
681,aegislash,"Apparently, it can detect the innate qualities of leadership. According to legend, whoever it recognizes is destined to become king."
182,bellossom,"Plentiful in the tropics. When it dances, its petals rub together and make a pleasant ringing sound."
179,mareep,"It stores lots of air in its soft fur, allowing itto stay cool in summer and warm in winter."
233,porygon2,This is a Porygon that was updated with special data. this Pokémon develops itself by learning about many different subjects all on its own.
52,meowth,"It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly."
391,monferno,It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance.
24,arbok,The pattern on its belly is for intimidation. It constricts foes while they are frozen in fear.
475,gallade,"Sharply attuned to others’ wishes for help, this Pokémon seeks out those in need and aids them in battle."
32,nidoran-m,It constantly moves its large ears in manydirections in order to detect danger right away.
112,rhydon,"Its horn, which rotates like a drill, destroys tall buildings with one strike. It stands on its hind legs, and its brain is well developed."
310,manectric,It rarely appears before people. It is said to nest where lightning has fallen.
224,octillery,"this Pokémon grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This Pokémon tries to immobilize it before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, this Pokémon spews ink to escape."
97,hypno,Avoid eye contact if you come across one. It will try to put you to sleep by using its pendulum.
214,heracross,"This powerful Pokémon thrusts its prized horn under its enemies’ bellies, then lifts and throws them."
296,makuhita,It grows stronger by enduring harsh training. It is a gutsy POKéMON that can withstand any attack.
456,finneon,The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night.
423,gastrodon,"Plankton, invisible to the naked eye, is its main food source. It comes onto the land periodically, but the reason for this is not known."
328,trapinch,It makes a conical pit in desert sand and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
1,bulbasaur,"It can go for days without eating a single morsel.In the bulb on its back, it stores energy."
559,scraggy,"Proud of its sturdy skull, it suddenly headbutts everything, but its weight makes it unstable, too."
217,ursaring,"In the forests inhabited by this Pokémon, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where they gather food. This Pokémon walks through its forest gathering food every day."
19,rattata,This Pokémon is common but hazardous. Its sharp incisors can easily cut right through hard wood.
572,minccino,"A clean freak that will not allow even the slightest mess, it uses its tail like a mop to thoroughly clean any and all filth."
318,carvanha,They form packs to attack boats and rip out their hulls to sink them. They live in rivers in the jungle.
576,gothitelle,They can predict the future from the placement and movement of the stars. They can see Trainers’ life spans.
234,stantler,Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
612,haxorus,Their sturdy tusks will stay sharp even if used to cut steel beams. These Pokémon are covered in hard armor.
555,darmanitan,"When one is injured in a fierce battle, it hardens into a stone-like form. Then it meditates and sharpens its mind."
352,kecleon,"Its color changes for concealment and also when its mood or health changes. The darker the color, the healthier it is."
115,kangaskhan,It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
214,heracross,"They gather in forests seeking the sweet sap of trees. It is completely clad in a steel-hard shell. It is proud of its horn, which it uses to fling foes."
228,houndour,this Pokémon hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey.This POKéMON’s remarkable teamwork is unparalleled.
392,infernape,It tosses its enemies around with agility. It uses all its limbs to fight in its own unique style.
87,dewgong,"Its body is covered with a pure white fur. The colder the weather, the more active it becomes."
87,dewgong,It sunbathes on the beach after meals. The rise in its body temperature helps its digestion.
748,toxapex,this Pokémon crawls along the ocean floor on its 12 legs. It leaves a trail of Corsola bits scattered in its wake.
327,spinda,"Each this Pokémon’s spot pattern is different. With its stumbling movements, it evades opponents’ attacks brilliantly!"
88,grimer,this Pokémon emerged from the sludge that settled on a polluted seabed. This Pokémon loves anything filthy. It constantly leaks a horribly germ-infested fluid from all over its body.
400,bibarel,It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker.
706,goodra,Its form of offense is forcefully stretching out its horns. The strikes land 100 times harder than any blow from a heavyweight boxer.
71,victreebel,"Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles, although no one has ever returned from there."
883,arctovish,"Though it’s able to capture prey by freezing its surroundings, it has trouble eating the prey afterward because its mouth is on top of its head."
413,wormadam,Its appearance changes depending on where it evolved. The materials on hand become a part of its body.
642,thundurus,The spikes on its tail discharge immense bolts of lightning. It flies around the Unova region firing off lightning bolts.
172,pichu,"Despite its small size, it can zap even adult humans. However, if it does so, it also surprises itself."
485,heatran,"Boiling blood, like magma, circulates through its body. It makes its dwelling place in volcanic caves."
174,igglybuff,"Its body has a faintly sweet scent and is bouncy and soft. If it bounces even once, it cannot stop."
24,arbok,"This POKéMON is terrifically strong in order to constrict things with its body. It can even flatten steel oil drums.Once this Pokémon wraps its body around its foe, escaping its crunching embrace is impossible."
148,dragonair,It has long been thought that its crystalline orbs are imbued with the power to control the weather.
710,pumpkaboo,"The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit trapped in this world. As the sun sets, it becomes restless and active."
128,tauros,"They live in groups. The one with the longest, thickest, and most-scarred horns is the boss of the herd."
246,larvitar,"Born deep underground, it comes aboveground and becomes a pupa once it has finished eating the surrounding soil."
700,sylveon,It wraps its ribbonlike feelers around the arm of its beloved Trainer and walks with him or her.
272,ludicolo,"When it hears festive music, all the cells in its body become stimulated, and it begins moving in rhythm. It does not quail even when it faces a tough opponent."
131,lapras,"Able to understand human speech and very intelligent, it loves to swim in the sea with people on its back."
618,stunfisk,"It conceals itself in the mud of the seashore. Then it waits. When prey touch it, it delivers a jolt of electricity."
370,luvdisc,It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
248,tyranitar,"Its body can’t be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies."
420,cherubi,"The small ball is not only filled with nutrients, it is also tasty. Starly try to peck it off."
373,salamence,"As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out."
125,electabuzz,"When a storm arrives, gangs of this POKéMON compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to bestricken by lightning bolts. Some towns use this Pokémon in place of lightning rods."
573,cinccino,"this Pokémon’s body is coated in a special oil that helps it deflect attacks, such as punches."
61,poliwhirl,The spiral pattern on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it gradually causes drowsiness.
557,dwebble,"When it finds a stone appealing, it creates a hole inside it and uses it as its home. This Pokémon is the natural enemy of Roggenrola and Rolycoly."
227,skarmory,"After nesting in bramble bushes, the wings of its chicks grow hard from scratches by thorns."
123,scyther,The sharp scythes on its forearms become increasingly sharp by cutting through hard objects.
61,poliwhirl,"Capable of living in or out of water. When outof water, it sweats to keep its body slimy."
7,squirtle,Shoots water at prey while in the water. Withdraws into its shell when in danger.
357,tropius,The bunch of fruit around its neck ripens twice a year and is delicious. It’s a highly favored tropical snack.
385,jirachi,It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
570,zorua,"It changes so it looks just like its foe, tricks it, and then uses that opportunity to flee."
188,skiploom,It blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible.
569,garbodor,Consuming garbage makes new kinds of poison gases and liquids inside their bodies.
170,chinchou,"On the dark ocean floor, its only means of communication is its constantly flashing lights."
91,cloyster,It fights by keeping its shell tightly shut for protection and by shooting spikes to repel foes.
147,dratini,It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.
169,crobat,this Pokémon sneaks up on its intended prey using wings that barely make a sound. This Pokémon rests by hanging on a tree branch with its rear legs that serve as wings.
196,espeon,It uses the fine hair that covers its body to senseair currents and predict its ene­ my's actions.
471,glaceon,"It freezes its fur into icicles, spiky and sharp, and tackles its prey."
9,blastoise,It deliberately makes itself heavy so it can withstand the recoil of the water jets it fires.
855,polteageist,"This species lives in antique teapots. Most pots are forgeries, but on rare occasions, an authentic work is found."
385,jirachi,this Pokémon will awaken from its sleep of a thousand years if you sing to it in a voice of purity.It is said to make true any wish that people desire.
252,treecko,"The soles of its feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings."
603,eelektrik,It wraps itself around its prey and paralyzes it with electricity from the round spots on its sides. Then it chomps.
834,drednaw,This Pokémon rapidly extends its retractable neck to sink its sharp fangs into distant enemies and take them down.
363,spheal,Its body is covered in fluffy fur. The fur keeps it from feeling cold while it is rolling on ice.
690,skrelp,"Camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray liquid poison on prey that approaches unawares and then finish it off."
340,whiscash,"As a result of causing tremors by thrashing about, it developed the ability to foretell real quakes."
176,togetic,"this Pokémon is said to be a POKéMON that brings good fortune. When the POKéMON spots someone who is pure of heart,it is said to appear and share its happiness with that person."
422,shellos,"For the most part, it makes its home along the seashore. Its color and form differ according to its habitat and the quality of its food."
442,spiritomb,A Pokémon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is bound to a fissure in an odd keystone.
390,chimchar,Its fiery rear end is fueled by gas made in its belly. Even rain can’t extinguish the fire.
120,staryu,"At night, the middle of its body slowly flickers with the same rhythm as a human heartbeat."
877,morpeko,"As it eats the seeds stored up in its pocket-like pouches, this Pokémon is not just satisfying its constant hunger. It’s also generating electricity."
114,tangela,"Its identity is obscured by masses of thick, bluevines. The vines are said to never stop growing."
325,spoink,"this Pokémon bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this POKéMONcannot afford to stop bouncing - if it stops, its heart will stop."
198,murkrow,"Seen as a symbol of bad luck, it’s generally disliked. Yet it gives presents—objects that sparkle or shine—to Trainers it’s close to."
296,makuhita,It grows stronger by enduring harsh training. It is a gutsy Pokémon that can withstand any attack.
205,forretress,It remains immovably rooted to its tree. It scatters pieces of its hard shell to drive its enemies away.
151,mew,"this Pokémon is said to possess the genetic composition of all POKéMON. It is capable of making itself invisibleat will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people."
552,krokorok,It buries some of its prey in the sand to use as emergency meals when its hunts are unsuccessful.
6,charizard,"this Pokémon flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heatthat it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself."
449,hippopotas,It shuts its nostrils tight then travels through sand as if walking. They form colonies of around ten.
78,rapidash,"Just loves to run. If it sees some­ thing faster thanitself, it will give chase at top speed."
267,beautifly,Vibrantly patterned wings are its prominent feature. It sucks sweet flower nectar with its long mouth.
746,wishiwashi,"When it’s in a jam, its shining eyes attract others of its kind. The light from its eyes is visible almost 25 miles away."
418,buizel,It inflates the flotation sac around its neck and pokes its head out of the water to see what is going on.
707,klefki,"Although it’s unclear why it collects keys, giving it a key makes this Pokémon very happy. However, it apparently only likes master keys."
533,gurdurr,This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly built that even a group of wrestlers could not make it budge an inch.
342,crawdaunt,It is a ruffian that uses its pincers to pick up and toss out other Pokémon from its pond.
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer.
161,sentret,"It stands on its tail so it can see a long way. If it spots an enemy, it cries loudly to warn its kind."
352,kecleon,It changes its shading to match its surroundings so it can sneak up on prey. Only its belly patterns stay fixed.
147,dratini,this Pokémon continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energywithin its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.
385,jirachi,this Pokémon will awaken from its sleep of a thousand years if you sing to it in a voice of purity. It is said to make true any wish that people desire.
644,zekrom,This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with lightning. It assists those who want to build an ideal world.
465,tangrowth,"When it remains still, it appears to be a large shrub. Unsuspecting prey that wander near get ensnared by its vines."
152,chikorita,"In battle, this Pokémon waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, becalming the battling Pokémon and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around."
22,fearow,"A POKéMON that dates back many years. If itsenses danger, it flies high and away, instantly."
633,deino,"Because it can’t see, this Pokémon is constantly biting at everything it touches, trying to keep track of its surroundings."
404,luxio,Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes.
178,xatu,This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun’s movement all day.
641,tornadus,"this Pokémon expels massive energy from its tail, causing severe storms. Its power is great enough to blow houses away."
56,mankey,"If one gets angry, all the others around it will get angry, so silence is a rare visitor in a troop of this Pokémon."
248,tyranitar,The quakes caused when it walks make even great mountains crumble and change the surrounding terrain.
91,cloyster,Its hard shell cannot be shattered—not even by a bomb. The contents of the shell remain unknown.
58,growlithe,Very friendly and faithful to people. It will try to repel enemies by barking and biting.
94,gengar,"Under a full moon, this POKéMON likes to mimicthe shadows of people and laugh at their fright."
256,combusken,Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
316,gulpin,Almost all its body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows.
223,remoraid,"Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a Mantine’s underside to scavenge for leftovers."
4,charmander,The flame at the tip of its tail makes a sound asit burns. You can only hear it in quiet places.
520,tranquill,"Many people believe that, deep in the forest where this Pokémon live, there is a peaceful place where there is no war."
517,munna,this Pokémon always float in the air. People whose dreams are eaten by them forget what the dreams had been about.
589,escavalier,These Pokémon evolve by wearing the shell covering of a Shelmet. The steel armor protects their whole body.
88,grimer,Appears in filthy areas. It thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.
36,clefable,"A timid fairy Pokémon that is rarely seen, it will run and hide the moment it senses people."
5,charmeleon,"Tough fights could excite this Pokémon. When excited, it may breathe out bluish-white flames."
256,combusken,Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
443,gible,"this Pokémon attacks anything that moves, and it drags whatever it catches into the crevice that is its lair. Despite the big mouth, this Pokémon’s stomach is small."
259,marshtomp,Living on muddy ground that provides poor footing has made its legs sturdy.
96,drowzee,"If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it’s a sure sign that one of these Pokémon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils."
42,golbat,"Once it strikes, it will not stop draining energyfrom the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly."
219,magcargo,"this Pokémon’s body temperature is approximately 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit. Water is vaporized on contact. If this Pokémon is caught in the rain, the raindrops instantly turn into steam, cloaking the area in a thick fog."
345,lileep,It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
463,lickilicky,Its saliva can decompose anything. It wraps its long tongue around things to coat them with its sticky saliva.
226,mantine,"As it majestically swims, it doesn’t care if Remoraid attach to it to scavenge for its leftovers."
132,ditto,It can freely recombine its own cellular structure to transform into other life- forms.
599,klink,It’s suspected that this Pokémon were the inspiration behind ancient people’s invention of the first gears.
331,cacnea,"By storing water in its body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water."
122,mr-mime,Its fingertips emit a peculiar force field thathardens air to create an actual wall.
611,fraxure,"Its skin is as hard as a suit of armor. this Pokémon’s favorite strategy is to tackle its opponents, stabbing them with its tusks at the same time."
79,slowpoke,Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes five seconds for it to feel pain when under attack.
74,geodude,"At rest, it looks just like a rock. Carelessly stepping on it will make it swing its fists angrily."
7,squirtle,"When it feels threatened, it draws its limbs inside its shell and sprays water from its mouth."
174,igglybuff,"Instead of walking with its short legs, it moves around by bouncing on its soft, tender body."
28,sandslash,Its claws and horns often break off. The broken claws and horns can be used to carve plows for tilling farm fields.
90,shellder,"The hardness of its shell surpasses the hardness of a diamond. In days gone by, people used the shells to make shields."
9,blastoise,The jets of water it spouts from the rocket cannons on its shell can punch through thick steel.
70,weepinbell,It spits out POISONPOWDER to immobilize the enemy and then finishes it with a spray of ACID.
388,grotle,It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokémon there on its back.
589,escavalier,"Wearing the shell covering they stole from Shelmet, they defend themselves and attack with two lances."
23,ekans,"The older it gets, the longer it grows. At night, it wraps its long body around tree branches to rest."
362,glalie,"To protect itself, it clads its body in an armor of ice, made by freezing moisture in the air."
176,togetic,It is said to appear in front of kindly people to scatter a glowing down called “joy dust.”
56,mankey,"It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason."
286,breloom,It scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores.
324,torkoal,You find abandoned coal mines full of them. They dig tirelessly in search of coal.
104,cubone,"Because it never removes its skull helmet, no one has ever seen this POKéMON’s real face."
357,tropius,Delicious fruits grew out from around its neck because it always ate the same kind of fruit.
273,seedot,"If it remains still, it looks just like a real nut. It delights in surprising foraging Pokémon."
111,rhyhorn,"Once it starts running, it doesn’t stop. Its tiny brain makes it so stupid that it can’t remember why it started running in the first place."
309,electrike,It stores static electricity in its fur for discharging. It gives off sparks if a storm approaches.
171,lanturn,this Pokémon’s light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed “The Deep-Sea Star.”
411,bastiodon,"When they lined up side by side, no foe could break through. They shielded their young in that way."
324,torkoal,It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
253,grovyle,"It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch."
399,bidoof,"With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is more agile and active than it appears."
300,skitty,"It can’t stop itself from chasing moving things, and it runs in a circle, chasing its own tail."
3,venusaur,There is a large flower on this Pokémon’s back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutritionand sunlight. The flower’s aroma soothes the emotions of people.
481,mesprit,"When this Pokémon flew, people learned the joy and sadness of living. It was the birth of emotions."
485,heatran,"Its body is made of rugged steel. However, it is partially melted in spots because of its own heat."
429,mismagius,Its cry sounds like an incantation. It is said the cry may rarely be imbued with happiness-giving power.
423,gastrodon,"Long ago, its entire back was shielded with a sturdy shell. There are traces of it left in its cells."
24,arbok,The frightening patterns on its belly have been studied. Six variations have been confirmed.
69,bellsprout,"this Pokémon’s thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be.From its mouth, this POKéMON spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron."
353,shuppet,"It uses its horn to feed on envy and malice, or so it’s said. It’s very active at night."
185,sudowoodo,"this Pokémon camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because the forelegs remaingreen throughout the year, the POKéMON is easily identified as a fake during the winter."
439,mime-jr,"In an attempt to confuse its enemy, it mimics the enemy’s movements. Then it wastes no time in making itself scarce!"
123,scyther,It tears and shreds prey with its wickedly sharp scythes. It very rarely spreads its wings to fly.
527,woobat,The heart-shaped mark left on a body after a this Pokémon has been attached to it is said to bring good fortune.
630,mandibuzz,"They fly in circles around the sky. When they spot prey, they attack and carry it back to their nest with ease."
110,weezing,"It grows by feeding on gases released by garbage. Though very rare, triplets have been found."
64,kadabra,It emits special alpha waves from its body thatinduce headaches just by being close by.
162,furret,The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed.
98,krabby,"If it senses danger approaching, it cloaks itself with bubbles from its mouth so it will look bigger."
135,jolteon,"If agitated, it uses electricity to straighten out its fur and launch it in small bunches."
193,yanma,this Pokémon is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept atmaking sudden stops and turning midair. This POKéMON uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey.
574,gothita,"They intently observe both Trainers and Pokémon. Apparently, they are looking at something that only this Pokémon can see."
310,manectric,"Because lightning falls in their vicinities, this Pokémon were thought to have been born from lightning. In battle, they create thunderclouds."
298,azurill,Its tail is filled with nutrients necessary for growth. It plays by bouncing on its tail.
662,fletchinder,this Pokémon are exceedingly territorial and aggressive. These Pokémon fight among themselves over feeding grounds.
250,ho-oh,"It will reveal itself before a pure-hearted Trainer by shining its bright, rainbow-colored wings."
18,pidgeot,"By flapping its wings with all its might, this Pokémon can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees."
342,crawdaunt,It is a ruffian that uses its pincers to pick up and toss out other Pokémon from its pond.
25,pikachu,"When several of these POKéMON gather, their electricity can build and cause lightning storms."
22,fearow,Its long neck and elongated beak are ideal for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves this extended and skinny beak to pluck prey.
36,clefable,"this Pokémon moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water.It is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights."
31,nidoqueen,The hard scales that cover its strong body serveas excellent protection from any attack.
67,machoke,It willingly assists with hard labor because it knows the work is good training for its muscles.
289,slaking,This Pokémon lives lying on its side. It only rolls over and moves when there is no more grass to eat.
184,azumarill,"this Pokémon’s long ears are indispensable sensors. By focusing its hearing, this POKéMON can identify what kinds ofprey are around, even in rough and fast-running rivers."
146,moltres,It is said to be the legendary bird Pokémon of fire. Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flare of flames.
47,parasect,"The larger the mushroom on its back grows, the stronger the mushroom spores it scatters."
53,persian,The gem in its forehead glows on its own! It walkswith all the grace and elegance of a proud queen.
538,throh,"It performs throwing moves with first-rate skill. Over the course of many battles, this Pokémon’s belt grows darker as it absorbs its wearer’s sweat."
56,mankey,"Light and agile on its feet, and ferocious in temperament. When angered, it flies into an uncontrollable frenzy."
53,persian,This Pokémon is popular with rich people. It’s also targeted by hunters who are after the jewel in its forehead.
415,combee,The trio is together from birth. It constantly gathers honey from flowers to please VESPIQUEN.
759,stufful,A touch from anyone except a known friend sends it into a surging frenzy. It’s an incredibly dangerous Pokémon.
46,paras,Burrows under the ground to gnaw on tree roots. The mushrooms on its back absorb most of the nutrition.
131,lapras,It ferries people across the sea on its back. It may sing an enchanting cry if it is in a good mood.
173,cleffa,"Because of its unusual, starlike silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor."
321,wailord,It is the largest of all identified Pokémon. They jump as a pack to herd their prey.
428,lopunny,"The ears appear to be delicate. If they are touched roughly, it kicks with its graceful legs."
173,cleffa,"Said to have ridden here on a shooting star, this Pokémon seem to appear in places where meteorites have struck in the past."
79,slowpoke,"There are some places where this Pokémon is worshiped because of a long-standing belief that whenever this Pokémon yawns, it rains."
671,florges,It controls the flowers it grows. The petal blizzards that this Pokémon triggers are overwhelming in their beauty and power.
193,yanma,"If it flaps its wings really fast, it can generateshock waves that will shatter win­ dows in the area."
605,elgyem,This Pokémon was discovered about 50 years ago. Its highly developed brain enables it to exert its psychic powers.
201,unown,Their shapes look like hieroglyphs on ancient tablets. It is said that the two are somehow related.
177,natu,this Pokémon has a highly developed jumping ability. The POKéMON flaps and leaps onto tree branches that are taller thangrown-up people to pick at the tree’s new shoots.
179,mareep,"Its fleece grows continually. In the summer, thefleece is fully shed, but it grows back in a week."
39,jigglypuff,"this Pokémon has top-notch lung capacity, even by comparison to other Pokémon. It won’t stop singing its lullabies until its foes fall asleep."
325,spoink,"It bounces constantly, using its tail like a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating."
394,prinplup,It lives a solitary life. Its wings deliver wicked blows that can snap even the thickest of trees.
135,jolteon,It concentrates the weak electric charges emittedby its cells and launches wicked lightning bolts.
404,luxio,Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes.
82,magneton,"It is actually three MAGNEMITE linked by magnetism. It generates powerful radio waves that raise temperatures by 3.6 degrees F within a 3,300-foot radius."
138,omanyte,"Because some this Pokémon manage to escape after being restored or are released into the wild by people, this species is becoming a problem."
30,nidorina,"When this Pokémon are with their friends or family, they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other. This Pokémon appears to become nervous if separated from the others."
100,voltorb,"It rolls to move. If the ground is uneven, a sudden jolt from hitting a bump can cause it to explode."
313,volbeat,It emits light from its tail to communicate. It loves the sweet aroma given off by ILLUMISE.
874,stonjourner,"It stands in grasslands, watching the sun’s descent from zenith to horizon. This Pokémon has a talent for delivering dynamic kicks."
465,tangrowth,"Vine growth is accelerated for this Pokémon living in warm climates. If the vines grow long, this Pokémon shortens them by tearing parts of them off."
566,archen,"It was revived from an ancient fossil. Not able to fly, it lived in treetops and hopped from one branch to another."
556,maractus,It uses an up-tempo song and dance to drive away the bird Pokémon that prey on its flower seeds.
47,parasect,A mushroom grown larger than the host’s body controls this Pokémon. It scatters poisonous spores.
601,klinklang,The gear with the red core is rotated at high speed for a rapid energy charge.
61,poliwhirl,The swirl on its belly subtly un­ dulates. Staringat it may gradual­ ly cause drowsi­ ness.
394,prinplup,"Because every this Pokémon considers itself to be the most important, they can never form a group."
71,victreebel,"It pools in its mouth a fluid with a honeylike scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything."
62,poliwrath,A swimmer adept at both the front crawl and breaststroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.
13,weedle,Its poison stinger is very powerful. Its bright-colored body is intended to warn off its enemies.
170,chinchou,this Pokémon lets loose positive and negative electrical charges from its two antennas to make its prey faint.This POKéMON flashes its electric lights to exchange signals with others.
184,azumarill,It lives in water virtually all day long. Its body color and pattern act as camouflage that makes it tough for enemies to spot in water.
327,spinda,"All the this Pokémon that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns.The shaky, tottering steps of this POKéMON give it the appearance of dancing."
891,kubfu,"If this Pokémon pulls the long white hair on its head, its fighting spirit heightens and power wells up from the depths of its belly."
262,mightyena,this Pokémon travel and act as a pack in the wild. The memory of its life in the wild compels the POKéMON to obey onlythose TRAINERS that it recognizes to possess superior skill.
71,victreebel,Lures prey into its mouth with a honeylike aroma. The helpless prey is melted with a dissolving fluid.
299,nosepass,"this Pokémon had been said to be completely unmoving, with its magnetic nose pointed due north. However, close observation has revealed that the Pokémon actually moves by a little over 3/8 of an inch every year."
65,alakazam,The spoons clutched in its hands are said to have been created by its psychic powers.
3,venusaur,Its plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.
275,shiftry,"By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 ft/second that can level houses."
274,nuzleaf,The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
29,nidoran-f,"Its highly toxic barbs are thought to have developed as protection for this small- bodied POKéMON. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn."
799,guzzlord,"Although it’s alien to this world and a danger here, it’s apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives."
147,dratini,It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.
331,cacnea,"The more arid and harsh the environment, the more pretty and fragrant a flower this Pokémon grows. This Pokémon battles by wildly swinging its thorny arms."
220,swinub,It uses the tip of its nose to dig for food. Its noseis so tough that even frozen ground poses no problem.
138,omanyte,"Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can be genetically regenerated from fossils."
486,regigigas,"It is believed to have shaped REGIROCK, REGICE, and REGISTEEL out of clay, ice, and magma."
606,beheeyem,"It can manipulate an opponent’s memory. Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three different-colored fingers."
62,poliwrath,It can use its well-developed arms and legs torun on the surface of the water for a split second.
44,gloom,"The honey it drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away."
345,lileep,It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
101,electrode,"It explodes in response to even minor stimuli. It is feared, with the nickname of “The Bomb Ball.”"
456,finneon,"After long exposure to sunlight, the patterns on its tail fins shine vividly when darkness arrives."
231,phanpy,It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
467,magmortar,"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit out of its arms. Its breath also sears and sizzles."
89,muk,"Smells so awful, it can cause fainting. Through degeneration of its nose, it lost its sense of smell."
370,luvdisc,this Pokémon make the branches of CORSOLA their nests. There is a custom from long ago of giving a this Pokémon as a gift to express one’s feelings of love.
395,empoleon,It swims as fast as a jet boat. The edges of its wings are sharp and can slice apart drifting ice.
78,rapidash,"When at an all-out gallop, its blazing mane sparkles, enhancing its beautiful appearance."
427,buneary,Its ears are always rolled up. They can be forcefully extended to shatter even a large boulder.
544,whirlipede,"It is usually motionless, but when attacked, it rotates at high speed and then crashes into its opponent."
140,kabuto,"This Pokémon became extinct everywhere, except in a few areas. It protects itself with its hard shell."
540,sewaddle,This Pokémon makes clothes for itself. It chews up leaves and sews them with sticky thread extruded from its mouth.
129,magikarp,"Thanks to their strong hold on life, dirty water doesn’t bother them at all. They live in waters all over the world!"
800,necrozma,Light is apparently the source of its energy. It has an extraordinarily vicious disposition and is constantly firing off laser beams.
546,cottonee,"When attacked, it escapes by shooting cotton from its body. The cotton serves as a decoy to distract the attacker."
729,brionne,"A skillful dancer, it creates a sequence of water balloons as it dances, and briskly bombards its enemies."
120,staryu,"If its body is torn, it can grow back if the red core remains. The core flashes at midnight."
74,geodude,It is impossible to distinguish from rocks. It slams against others in contests of hardness.
88,grimer,It was born when sludge in a dirty stream was exposed to the moon’s X-rays. It appears among filth.
221,piloswine,"Because the long hair all over its body obscures its sight, it just keeps charging repeatedly."
52,meowth,"When visiting a junkyard, you may catch sight of it having an intense fight with Murkrow over shiny objects."
405,luxray,It has eyes that can see through anything. It spots and captures prey hiding behind objects.
430,honchkrow,It will absolutely not forgive failure from or betrayal by its goons. It has no choice in this if it wants to maintain the order of the flock.
227,skarmory,"After nesting in bramble bushes, the wings of its chicks grow hard from scratches by thorns."
204,pineco,It likes to make its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The extra weight doesn’t bother it.
199,slowking,"Every time it ya­ wns, SHELLDER injects more poi­son into it. The poison makes it more intelligent."
328,trapinch,It makes an inescapable conical pit and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
676,furfrou,Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes it more elegant but also increases the swiftness of its movements.
266,silcoon,"this Pokémon tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There, this Pokémon hangs quietly while it awaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole."
552,krokorok,"The special membrane covering its eyes can sense the heat of objects, so it can see its surroundings even in darkness."
432,purugly,It would claim another Pokémon’s nest as its own if it finds a nest sufficiently comfortable.
67,machoke,"Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power-save belt to be able to regulate its motions."
381,latios,"A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes."
296,makuhita,"this Pokémon has a tireless spirit - it will never give up hope. It eats a lot of food, gets plenty of sleep, and ittrains very rigorously. By living that way, this POKéMON packs its body with energy."
19,rattata,"Cautious in the extreme, its hardy vitality lets it live in any kind of environment."
221,piloswine,"With its excellent sense of smell, it’s even able to find mushrooms that are buried under frozen ground."
445,garchomp,"Its body is covered in fine scales that reduce drag, enabling it to fly at high speeds."
632,durant,"Individuals each play different roles in driving Heatmor, their natural predator, away from their colony."
500,emboar,It has mastered fast and powerful fighting moves. It grows a beard of fire.
422,shellos,"When it senses danger, a purple liquid oozes out of it. The liquid is thought to be something like greasy sweat."
385,jirachi,It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
149,dragonite,It is said that this Pokémon constantly flies over the immense seas and rescues drowning people.
93,haunter,It licks with its gaseous tongue to steal the victim’s life force. It lurks in darkness for prey.
234,stantler,"this Pokémon’s magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers."
210,granbull,"While it has powerful jaws, it doesn’t care for disputes, so it rarely has a chance to display their might."
626,bouffalant,They charge wildly and headbutt everything. Their headbutts have enough destructive force to derail a train.
237,hitmontop,It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by 10.
166,ledian,"It’s said that the patterns on its back are related to the stars in the night sky, but the details of that relationship remain unclear."
291,ninjask,Its cry leaves a lasting headache if heard for too long. It moves so quickly that it is almost invisible.
604,eelektross,They crawl out of the ocean using their arms. They will attack prey on shore and immediately drag it into the ocean.
758,salazzle,Only female this Pokémon exist. They emit a gas laden with pheromones to captivate male Salandit.
229,houndoom,"If you are burned by the flames it shoots from its mouth, the pain will never go away."
82,magneton,"this Pokémon emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to mechanical devices. As a result, large cities sound sirens to warn citizens of large-scale outbreaks of this Pokémon."
127,pinsir,"this Pokémon has a pair of massive horns Protruding from the surface of these horns are thorns.These thorns are driven deeply into the foe’s body when the pincer closes, making it tough for the foe to escape."
232,donphan,"The longer and bigger its tusks, the higher its rank in its herd. The tusks take long to grow."
340,whiscash,"It claims a large swamp to itself. If a foe comes near it, it sets off tremors by thrashing around."
301,delcatty,It is highly popular among female Trainers for its sublime fur. It does not keep a nest.
474,porygon-z,"Additional software was installed to make it a better Pokémon. It began acting oddly, however."
389,torterra,Some Pokémon are born on a this Pokémon’s back and spend their entire life there.
620,mienshao,"Using the long fur on its arms like whips, it launches into combo attacks that, once started, no one can stop."
228,houndour,It is smart enough to hunt in packs. It uses a variety of cries for communicating with others.
165,ledyba,"It is so timid, it can’t move if it isn’t with a swarm of others. It conveys its feelings with scent."
1,bulbasaur,"For some time after its birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back."
120,staryu,"this Pokémon’s center section has an organ called the core that shines bright red. If you go to a beach toward the end of summer, the glowing cores of these Pokémon look like the stars in the sky."
133,eevee,Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate ifit is exposed to radiation from element STONEs.
2,ivysaur,"When the bud on its back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower’s coming bloom."
828,thievul,"It secretly marks potential targets with a scent. By following the scent, it stalks its targets and steals from them when they least expect it."
31,nidoqueen,this Pokémon’s body is encased in extremely hard scales. It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles. This Pokémon is at its strongest when it is defending its young.
225,delibird,"It carries food all day long. When someone is lost in the mountains, it shares that food."
270,lotad,"It searches about for clean water. If it does not drink water for too long, the leaf on its head wilts."
257,blaziken,It can clear a 30-story building in a leap. Its fiery punches scorch its foes.
216,teddiursa,It licks its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. A this Pokémon makes its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by BEEDRILL.
343,baltoy,It moves by spinning on its foot. It is a rare Pokémon that was discovered in ancient ruins.
107,hitmonchan,The arm-twisting punches it throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting.
100,voltorb,"Usually found in power plants. Easily mistakenfor a POKé BALL, they have zapped many people."
49,venomoth,"this Pokémon is nocturnal—it is a Pokémon that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness."
5,charmeleon,"If it becomes agitated during battle, it spouts intense flames, incinerating its surroundings."
108,lickitung,"When it extends its over-six-foot- long tongue, its tail quivers. There is a possibility they are connected."
177,natu,"It picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move."
5,charmeleon,"When it swings its burning tail, it elevates thetemperature to unbearably high levels."
317,swalot,It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
580,ducklett,"When attacked, it uses its feathers to splash water, escaping under cover of the spray."
153,bayleef,The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up.
155,cyndaquil,"It usually stays hunched over. If it is angry or surprised, it shoots flames out of its back."
159,croconaw,"If it loses a fang, a new one grows back in its place. There are always 48 fangs lining its mouth."
306,aggron,"While seeking iron for food, it digs tunnels by breaking through bedrock with its steel horns."
443,gible,It nests in horizontal holes warmed by geothermal heat. Foes who get too close can expect to be pounced on and bitten.
111,rhyhorn,"this Pokémon’s brain is very small. It is so dense, while on a run it forgets why it started running in the first place.It apparently remembers sometimes if it demolishes something."
136,flareon,"this Pokémon’s fluffy fur has a functional purpose—it releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. This Pokémon’s body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit."
147,dratini,"this Pokémon dwells near bodies of rapidly flowing water, such as the plunge pools of waterfalls. As it grows, this Pokémon will shed its skin many times."
409,rampardos,"If two were to smash their heads together, their foot-thick skulls would keep them from fainting."
568,trubbish,The combination of garbage bags and industrial waste caused the chemical reaction that created this Pokémon.
16,pidgey,"Very docile. If attacked, it will often kick up sand to protect itself rather than fight back."
272,ludicolo,"The rhythm of bright, festive music activates this Pokémon’s cells, making it more powerful."
126,magmar,It moves more frequently in hot areas. It can healitself by dipping its wound into lava.
271,lombre,It is nocturnal and becomes active at nightfall. It feeds on aquatic mosses that grow in the riverbed.
617,accelgor,"When its body dries out, it weakens. So it wraps a membrane around itself for protection while it spits poison."
171,lanturn,The light it emits is so bright that it can illuminate the sea’s surface from a depth of over three miles.
123,scyther,"If you come across an area in a forest where a lot of the trees have been cut down, what you’ve found is a this Pokémon’s territory."
93,haunter,"this Pokémon is a dangerous Pokémon. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it. This Pokémon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away."
349,feebas,"this Pokémon’s fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy appearance, this Pokémon is largely ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers."
433,chingling,"There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound."
63,abra,"If it decides to teleport randomly, it evokes the illusion that it has created copies of itself."
35,clefairy,"On every night of a full moon, groups of this Pokémon come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired this Pokémon return to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other."
14,kakuna,"From this form, it will grow into an adult. As its body becomes softer, the external shell hardens."
232,donphan,"The longer and bigger its tusks, the higher its rank in its herd. The tusks take long to grow."
51,dugtrio,"Its three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles."
76,golem,"this Pokémon live up on mountains. If there is a large earthquake, these POKéMON will come rolling down offthe mountains en masse to the foothills below."
640,virizion,"Its head sprouts horns as sharp as blades. Using whirlwind-like movements, it confounds and swiftly cuts opponents."
314,illumise,"Its fragrance attracts a swarm of Volbeat, so they draw over 200 patterns in the night sky."
35,clefairy,It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of this Pokémon dancing under a full moon.
259,marshtomp,"The surface of this Pokémon’s body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land. This Pokémon plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low."
172,pichu,It plays with others by touching tails and setting off sparks. This appears to be a test of courage.
132,ditto,"Its transformation ability is per­ fect. However, ifmade to laugh, it can't maintain its disguise."
100,voltorb,It is said to camouflage itself as a Poké Ball. It will self-destruct with very little stimulus.
251,celebi,"This POKéMON came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as this Pokémonappears, a bright and shining future awaits us."
448,lucario,"It concentrates its mental energy and fires off mysterious waves called auras, which can crush boulders of large size to dust."
163,hoothoot,"It has a perfect sense of time. Whatever happens, it keeps rhythm by precisely tilting its head in time."
45,vileplume,"By shaking its big petals, it scat­ ters toxic polleninto the air, turning the air yellow."
140,kabuto,"On rare occasions, some have been found as fossilswhich they became while hiding on the ocean floor."
86,seel,"this Pokémon hunts for prey in the frigid sea underneath sheets of ice. When it needs to breathe, it punchesa hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head."
639,terrakion,"Spoken of in legend, this Pokémon used its phenomenal power to destroy a castle in its effort to protect Pokémon."
65,alakazam,Closing both its eyes heightens all its other senses.This enables it to use its abilities to their extremes.
531,audino,this Pokémon’s sense of hearing is superb. Not even a pebble rolling along over a mile away will escape this Pokémon’s ears.
710,pumpkaboo,"The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit trapped in this world. As the sun sets, it becomes restless and active."
336,seviper,"In battle, it uses its bladed tail to counter any ZANGOOSE. It secretes a deadly venom in its tail."
215,sneasel,It uses its claws to poke holes in eggs so it can slurp out the insides. Breeders consider it a scourge and will drive it away or eradicate it.
290,nincada,"Because it lived almost entirely underground, it is nearly blind. It uses its antennae instead."
40,wigglytuff,"It has a very fine fur. Take care not to make it angry, or it may inflate steadily and hit with a body slam."
54,psyduck,"If its usual headache worsens, it starts exhibiting odd powers. It can’t remember doing so, however."
107,hitmonchan,"Its punches slice the air. They are launched at such high speed, even a slight graze could cause a burn."
391,monferno,It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance.
263,zigzagoon,It marks its territory by rubbing its bristly fur on trees. This variety of this Pokémon is friendlier and calmer than the kind native to Galar.
139,omastar,"Its tentacles are highly developed as if they are hands and feet. As soon as it ensnares prey, it bites."
143,snorlax,It eats nearly 900 pounds of food every day. It starts nodding off while eating—and continues to eat even while it’s asleep.
75,graveler,"It climbs up cliffs as it heads toward the peak of a mountain. As soon as it reaches the summit, it rolls back down the way it came."
7,squirtle,"this Pokémon’s shell is not merely used for protection. The shell’s rounded shape and thegrooves on its surface help minimize resistance in water, enabling this POKéMON to swim at high speeds."
64,kadabra,"This Pokémon’s telekinesis is immensely powerful. To prepare for evolution, this Pokémon stores up psychic energy in the star on its forehead."
370,luvdisc,It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
345,lileep,It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
448,lucario,"Not only does it perceive auras, but it has also gained the power to control them. It employs them in battle."
115,kangaskhan,"If you come across a young this Pokémon playing by itself, you must never disturb it or attempt to catch it. The baby Pokémon’s parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged at you."
53,persian,"Many adore it for its sophisticated air. However, it will lash out and scratch for little reason."
78,rapidash,"Very competitive, this POKéMON will chase anythingthat moves fast in the hopes of racing it."
381,latios,this Pokémon will only open its heart to a TRAINER with a compassionate spirit. This POKéMON can fly faster than a jetplane by folding its forelegs to minimize air resistance.
47,parasect,A mushroom grown larger than the host’s body controls this Pokémon. It scatters poisonous spores.
146,moltres,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird POKéMON that has the ability to control fire. If this POKéMON is injured, it is said todip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself."
183,marill,"The fur on its body naturally repels water. Itcan stay dry, even when it plays in the water."
443,gible,It nests in horizontal holes warmed by geothermal heat. Foes who get too close can expect to be pounced on and bitten.
635,hydreigon,The three heads take turns sinking their teeth into the opponent. Their attacks won’t slow until their target goes down.
25,pikachu,"When several of these POKéMON gather, theirelectricity could build and cause lightning storms."
480,uxie,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the ability to solve problems. It was the birth of knowledge."
124,jynx,It seductively wiggles its hips as it walks. Itcan cause people to dance in unison with it.
57,primeape,"It grows angry if you see its eyes and gets angrier if you run. If you beat it, it gets even madder."
19,rattata,"Living wherever there is food available, itceaselessly scav­ enges for edibles the entire day."
6,charizard,It spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. It may cause forest fires by blowing flames.
530,excadrill,"Known as the Drill King, this Pokémon can tunnel through the terrain at speeds of over 90 mph."
366,clamperl,"It is protected by a sturdy shell. Once in a lifetime, it makes a magnificent pearl."
539,sawk,The sound of this Pokémon punching boulders and trees can be heard all the way from the mountains where they train.
277,swellow,It dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. It catches its prey with sharp claws.
65,alakazam,"Its brain can outperform a supercomputer. Its IQ (intelligence quotient) is said to be around 5,000."
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can’t help breaking out into a dance."
746,wishiwashi,"Individually, they’re incredibly weak. It’s by gathering up into schools that they’re able to confront opponents."
773,silvally,"Its trust in its partner is what awakens it. This Pokémon is capable of changing its type, a flexibility that is well displayed in battle."
277,swellow,"It circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey."
39,jigglypuff,"When its huge eyes light up, it sings a mysteriouslysoothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep."
474,porygon-z,"Additional software was installed to make it a better Pokémon. It began acting oddly, however."
185,sudowoodo,"Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears to be closer to a rock than a plant."
449,hippopotas,It shrouds itself in sand to ward off germs. It travels easily through the sands of the desert.
204,pineco,It hangs and waits for flying-insect prey to come near. It does not move about much on its own.
6,charizard,It is said that this Pokémon’s fire burns hotter if it has experienced harsh battles.
484,palkia,Its total control over the boundaries of space enable it to transport itself to faraway places or even other dimensions.
200,misdreavus,It will use any means necessary to frighten people and absorb their life energy. It practices constantly to hone its skill in causing fear.
640,virizion,Legends say this Pokémon confounded opponents with its swift movements.
120,staryu,"If its body is torn, it can grow back if the red core remains. The core flashes at midnight."
125,electabuzz,"If a major power outage occurs, it is certain that this Pokémon has eaten electricity at a power plant."
556,maractus,It uses an up-tempo song and dance to drive away the bird Pokémon that prey on its flower seeds.
770,palossand,"this Pokémon is known as the Beach Nightmare. It pulls its prey down into the sand by controlling the sand itself, and then it sucks out their souls."
152,chikorita,Its pleasantly aromatic leaf has the ability to check humidity and temperature.
441,chatot,"Its tongue is just like a human’s. As a result, it can cleverly mimic human speech."
331,cacnea,"By storing water in its body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water."
67,machoke,"this Pokémon undertakes bodybuilding every day even as it helps people with tough, physically demanding labor. On its days off, this Pokémon heads to the fields and mountains to exercise and train."
596,galvantula,"They employ an electrically charged web to trap their prey. While it is immobilized by shock, they leisurely consume it."
333,swablu,It can’t relax if it or its surroundings are not clean. It wipes off dirt with its wings.
178,xatu,"In South America, it is said that its right eye seesthe future and its left eye views the past."
128,tauros,"When it is about to tackle, it whips its body repeatedly with its three long tails."
583,vanillish,"This Pokémon has existed since the Ice Age. It controls particles of ice, freezes its opponents, and then shatters them with a headbutt."
117,seadra,Its fin-tips leak poison. Its fins and bones arehighly valued as ingredients in herbal medicine.
155,cyndaquil,The fire that spouts from its back burns hottestwhen it is angry. The flaring flames intimidate foes.
276,taillow,It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
8,wartortle,This POKéMON is very popular as a pet. Its fur-covered tail is a symbol of its longevity.
372,shelgon,"Its armored body makes all attacks bounce off. The armor is too tough, however, making it heavy and somewhat sluggish."
242,blissey,"this Pokémon senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to a sad person, no matter how far away, to share a Lucky Egg that brings a smile to any face."
93,haunter,"If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, this Pokémon is there."
333,swablu,It constantly grooms its cotton-like wings. It takes a shower to clean itself if it becomes dirty.
63,abra,It sleeps for 18 hours a day. It uses a variety of extrasensory powers even while asleep.
630,mandibuzz,"It circles in the sky, keeping a keen eye out for Pokémon in a weakened state. Its choicest food is Cubone."
109,koffing,"Its body is full of poisonous gas. It floats into garbage dumps, seeking out the fumes of raw, rotting trash."
484,palkia,It has the ability to distort space. It is described as a deity in Sinnoh-region mythology.
105,marowak,"From its birth, this savage Pokémon constantly holds bones. It is skilled in using them as weapons."
211,qwilfish,"When faced with a larger opponent, it swallows as much water as it can to match the opponent’s size."
518,musharna,"With the mist from its forehead, it can create shapes of things from dreams it has eaten."
206,dunsparce,"It creates mazes in dark locations. When spotted, it flees into the ground by digging with its tail."
337,lunatone,"Because it turns active on nights of the full moon, it is said to have some link to the lunar phases."
199,slowking,"this Pokémon undertakes research every day in an effort to solve the mysteries of the world.However, this POKéMON apparently forgets everything it has learned if the SHELLDER on its head comes off."
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
107,hitmonchan,"While apparently doing nothing, it fires punches inlightning fast volleys that are impossible to see."
237,hitmontop,"this Pokémon spins on its head at high speed, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix ofboth offense and defense at the same time. The POKéMON travels faster spinning than it does walking."
582,vanillite,The temperature of their breath is -58° F. They create snow crystals and make snow fall in the areas around them.
531,audino,"It touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to tell how they are feeling."
351,castform,"This Pokémon can change its cells, taking different forms based on the temperature and humidity."
129,magikarp,"In the distant past, it was somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants that exist today."
584,vanilluxe,"If both heads get angry simultaneously, this Pokémon expels a blizzard, burying everything in snow."
163,hoothoot,"this Pokémon has an internal organ that senses and tracks the earth’s rotation. Using this special organ, this Pokémon begins hooting at precisely the same time every day."
308,medicham,"Through yoga training, it gained the psychic power to predict its foe’s next move."
143,snorlax,What sounds like its cry may actually be its snores or the rumblings of its hungry belly.
772,type-null,Rumor has it that the theft of top-secret research notes led to a new instance of this Pokémon being created in the Galar region.
410,shieldon,"It is outstandingly armored. As a result, it can eat grass and berries without having to fight."
736,grubbin,"If you find its nest, you shouldn’t stick your hand inside. You’ll get bitten by an irritated this Pokémon."
10,caterpie,"Perhaps because it would like to grow up quickly, it has a voracious appetite, eating a hundred leaves a day."
246,larvitar,"Born underground, it eats its way through dirt to the surface, where its parents are. It doesn’t deal well with the bright light it finds there."
279,pelipper,this Pokémon is a flying transporter that carries small Pokémon and eggs inside its massive bill. This Pokémon builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea.
110,weezing,"Where two kinds of poison gases meet, two KOFFING can fuse into a this Pokémon over many years."
414,mothim,It flutters around at night and steals honey from the COMBEE hive.
695,heliolisk,"A now-vanished desert culture treasured these Pokémon. Appropriately, when this Pokémon came to the Galar region, treasure came with them."
11,metapod,"This is its pre- evolved form. At this stage, it canonly harden, so it remains motionless to avoid attack."
104,cubone,"When it thinks of its dead mother, it cries. Its crying makes the skull it wears rattle hollowly."
422,shellos,"Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body, as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out."
384,rayquaza,It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
408,cranidos,this Pokémon toughen up their already rock-hard heads by headbutting one another.
10,caterpie,It releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly.
154,meganium,Its breath has the fantastic ability to revive dead plants and flowers.
592,frillish,It wraps its veillike arms and legs around prey swimming by and drags them down to the depths of the ocean.
384,rayquaza,It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
243,raikou,It is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back.
144,articuno,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air. As a result, it is said that when this Pokémon flies, snow will fall."
107,hitmonchan,Punches in corkscrew fashion. It can punch its way through a concrete wall like a drill.
49,venomoth,"The scales it scatters will paralyze anyone who touches them, making that person unable to stand."
322,numel,"Its humped back stores intensely hot magma. In rain, the magma cools, slowing its movement."
359,absol,"Because of this Pokémon’s ability to detect danger, people mistook this Pokémon as a bringer of doom."
479,rotom,Its electric-like body can enter some kinds of machines and take control in order to make mischief.
153,bayleef,"The scent of spices comes from around its neck. Somehow, sniffing it makes you want to fight."
299,nosepass,Its magnetic nose always faces north and draws iron objects to its body to protect itself better.
227,skarmory,"Its sturdy wings look heavy, but they are actuallyhollow and light, allowing it to fly freely in the sky."
429,mismagius,"Feared for its wrath and the curses it spreads, this Pokémon will also, on a whim, cast spells that help people."
760,bewear,It boasts tremendous physical strength. Many people call it the most dangerous Pokémon in the Alola region.
39,jigglypuff,Uses its cute round eyes to enrapture its foe. It then sings a pleasing melody that lulls the foe to sleep.
224,octillery,It usually sleeps in caves. The pitch-black ink that this Pokémon spits is also used for cooking.
452,drapion,"It takes pride in its strength. Even though it can tear foes apart, it finishes them off with powerful poison."
689,barbaracle,Seven Binacle come together to form one this Pokémon. The Binacle that serves as the head gives orders to those serving as the limbs.
280,ralts,"this Pokémon has the ability to sense the emotions of people. If its TRAINER is in a cheerful mood,this POKéMON grows cheerful and joyous in the same way."
574,gothita,It stares intently at everything. It can become so obsessed with watching that it doesn’t notice attacks.
617,accelgor,"When its body dries out, it weakens. So it wraps a membrane around itself for protection while it spits poison."
194,wooper,"When walking on land, it covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating."
375,metang,"It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its two brains are linked, amplifying its psychic power."
583,vanillish,"Snowy mountains are this Pokémon’s habitat. During an ancient ice age, they moved to southern areas."
445,garchomp,"Its body is covered in fine scales that reduce drag, enabling it to fly at high speeds."
369,relicanth,A POKéMON that was once believed to have been extinct. The species has not changed its form for 100 million years. It walks on the seafloor using its pectoral fins.
127,pinsir,"Grips its prey in its pincers and squeezes hard! It can’t move if it’s cold out, so it lives in warm places."
670,floette,"When the flowers of a well-tended flower bed bloom, it appears and celebrates with an elegant dance."
325,spoink,this Pokémon keeps a pearl on top of its head. The pearl functions to amplify this Pokémon’s psychokinetic powers. It is therefore on a constant search for a bigger pearl.
73,tentacruel,It extends its 80 tentacles to form an encircling poisonous net that is difficult to escape.
102,exeggcute,"This POKéMON consists of six eggs that form a closely knit cluster. The six eggs attract each other and spin around.When cracks increasingly appear on the eggs, this Pokémon is close to evolution."
39,jigglypuff,"When its huge eyes light up, it sings a mysteriouslysoothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep."
435,skuntank,"It attacks by spraying a repugnant fluid from its tail, but the stench dulls after a few squirts."
25,pikachu,"If it looses crackling power from the electric pouches on its cheeks, it is being wary."
170,chinchou,It lives in the depths beyond the reach of sunlight. It flashes lights on its antennae to communicate with others of its kind.
324,torkoal,"It burns coal inside its shell. If it is attacked, it belches thick, black smoke and flees."
146,moltres,One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring.
93,haunter,It fears the light and revels in the dark. It may be on the verge of extinction in cities that stay brightly lit at night.
132,ditto,It has the ability to reconstitute its entire cellular structure to transform into whatever it sees.
569,garbodor,"It locks opponents in place with its left hand, immobilizing them by entirely dousing their bodies with poisonous liquid."
792,lunala,"Said to live in another world, this Pokémon devours light, drawing the moonless dark veil of night over the brightness of day."
297,hariyama,"Although they enjoy comparing their strength, they’re also kind. They value etiquette, praising opponents they battle."
422,shellos,"Its shape and coloration vary, depending on its habitat."
23,ekans,"It always hides in grass. When first born, it has nopoison, so its bite is painful, but harmless."
83,farfetchd,"If anyone tries to disturb where the essential plantsticks grow, it uses its own stick to thwart them."
413,wormadam,"When Burmy evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokémon’s body. The cloak is never shed."
129,magikarp,"Famous for being very unreliable. It can be foundswimming in seas, lakes, rivers and shallow puddles."
620,mienshao,"When this Pokémon comes across a truly challenging opponent, it will lighten itself by biting off the fur on its arms."
870,falinks,"The six of them work together as one Pokémon. Teamwork is also their battle strategy, and they constantly change their formation as they fight."
126,magmar,"When it breathes deeply, heat waves form around its body, making it hard to see clearly."
74,geodude,"Commonly found near mountain trails, etc.If you step on one by accident, it gets angry."
243,raikou,"This rough POKéMON stores energy inside its body,then sweeps across the land, shooting off electricity."
350,milotic,this Pokémon is said to be the most beautiful of all the POKéMON. It has the power to becalm suchemotions as anger and hostility to quell bitter feuding.
112,rhydon,"Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit."
553,krookodile,"Very violent Pokémon, they try to clamp down on anything that moves in front of their eyes."
388,grotle,It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokémon there on its back.
280,ralts,"If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly."
94,gengar,"To steal the life of its target, it slips into the prey’s shadow and silently waits for an opportunity."
41,zubat,Emits ultrasonic cries while it flies. They act as a sonar used to check for objects in its way.
57,primeape,"It will never forgive opponents who have angered it. Even after it has beaten them down until they can’t move, it never ever forgives."
132,ditto,"When it spots an enemy, its body transfigures into an almost-perfect copy of its opponent."
290,nincada,"It makes its nest at the roots of a mighty tree. Using its whiskerlike antennae, it probes its surroundings in the pitch-black darkness of soil."
149,dragonite,"It is said that this POKéMON lives somewhere in thesea and that it flies. However, it is only a rumor."
202,wobbuffet,"To keep its pitch-black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack."
470,leafeon,"Although it doesn’t like disputes, it will sharpen the leaf on its tail into a blade and fight if it has to protect its friends."
555,darmanitan,"Its internal fire burns at 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit, making enough power that it can destroy a dump truck with one punch."
80,slowbro,"Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the Shellder on its tail bites down."
171,lanturn,The light-emitting orbs on its back are very bright. They are formed from a part of its dorsal fin. This POKéMON illuminates the inky darkness of deep seas.
75,graveler,"It rolls on mountain paths to move. Once it builds momentum, no Pokémon can stop it without difficulty."
316,gulpin,Almost all its body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows.
113,chansey,A rare and elusive POKéMON that is said to bringhappiness to those who manage to get it.
439,mime-jr,"In an attempt to confuse its enemy, it mimics the enemy’s movements. Then it wastes no time in making itself scarce!"
121,starmie,"At the center of its body is a red core, which sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky."
780,drampa,This Pokémon is friendly to people and loves children most of all. It comes from deep in the mountains to play with children it likes in town.
792,lunala,"Records of it exist in writings from long, long ago, where it was known by the name “the beast that calls the moon.”"
122,mr-mime,It shapes an invisible wall in midair by minutely vibrating its fingertips to stop molecules in the air.
223,remoraid,"Also known as the “sniper of the seas,” its water gun can hit prey without fail from over 300 feet away."
83,farfetchd,The plant stalk it holds is its weapon. The stalk is used like a sword to cut all sorts of things.
322,numel,The flaming magma it stores in the hump on its back is the source of its tremendous power.
553,krookodile,"After clamping down with its powerful jaws, it twists its body around to rip its prey in half."
213,shuckle,It stores berries in its shell. The berries eventually ferment to become delicious juices.
124,jynx,It rocks its body rhythmically. It appears to alterthe rhythm depend­ ing on how it is feeling.
178,xatu,They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time.
288,vigoroth,Its heartbeat is fast and its blood so agitated that it can’t sit still for one second.
256,combusken,Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
116,horsea,"When they're in a safe location, they can be seenplayfully tangling their tails together."
319,sharpedo,"The ruffian of the seas, it has fangs that crunch through iron. It swims by jetting water from its rear."
81,magnemite,"It sends out electromagnetic waves, which let it float through the air. Touching it while it’s eating electricity will give you a full-body shock."
108,lickitung,"If this Pokémon’s sticky saliva gets on you and you don’t clean it off, an intense itch will set in. The itch won’t go away, either."
566,archen,"Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, they were unable to fly and moved about by hopping from one branch to another."
187,hoppip,"It drifts on winds. It is said that when this Pokémon gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way."
440,happiny,"It carefully carries a round, white rock that it thinks is an egg. It’s bothered by how curly its hair looks."
239,elekid,A weak electric current flows between its horns. Sticking a hand there shocks the unwary.
98,krabby,"If it senses dan­ ger approaching, it cloaks itselfwith bubbles from its mouth so it will look bigger."
589,escavalier,"Wearing the shell covering they stole from Shelmet, they defend themselves and attack with two lances."
653,fennekin,"As it walks, it munches on a twig in place of a snack. It intimidates opponents by puffing hot air out of its ears."
123,scyther,"With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create the illusion that there is more than one of itself."
438,bonsly,It prefers arid environments. It leaks water from its eyes to adjust its body’s fluid levels.
718,zygarde,"When the Kalos region’s ecosystem falls into disarray, it appears and reveals its secret power."
599,klink,Two bodies comprise a fixed pair. They spin around each other to generate energy.
378,regice,Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
571,zoroark,It doesn’t just transform itself—it also has the power to make hundreds of people see its illusions.
359,absol,"Although it’s said to bring disaster, in actuality, this Pokémon possesses a calm disposition and warns people of any crises that loom."
759,stufful,It boasts power enough to split large trees in half. The organ on its rear releases an odor that it uses to communicate with others of its kind.
619,mienfoo,"It takes pride in the speed at which it can use moves. What it loses in power, it makes up for in quantity."
335,zangoose,It has feuded with Seviper for many generations. Its sharp claws are its biggest weapons.
835,yamper,"This Pokémon is very popular as a herding dog in the Galar region. As it runs, it generates electricity from the base of its tail."
191,sunkern,"It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. A year after a cold summer, their population explodes."
266,silcoon,It wraps silk around the branches of a tree. It drinks rainwater on its silk while awaiting evolution.
302,sableye,It dwells in the darkness of caves. It uses its sharp claws to dig up gems to nourish itself.
93,haunter,"In total darkness, where nothing is visible, this Pokémonlurks, silently stalking its next victim."
849,toxtricity,"When this Pokémon sounds as if it’s strumming a guitar, it’s actually clawing at the protrusions on its chest to generate electricity."
399,bidoof,"With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is more agile and active than it appears."
170,chinchou,this Pokémon blink their shining antennae at one another to claim their respective turf.
523,zebstrika,"This ill-tempered Pokémon is dangerous because when it’s angry, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions."
234,stantler,Those who stare at its antlers will gradually lose control of their senses and be unable to stand.
303,mawile,Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
347,anorith,this Pokémon can swim swiftly by pulling its eight wings through the water like oars on a boat. This Pokémon is an ancestor of modern bug Pokémon.
18,pidgeot,Its well-developed chest muscles make it strong enough to whip up a gusty windstorm with just a few flaps.
39,jigglypuff,"When it wavers its big, round eyes, it begins singing a lullaby that makes everyone drowsy."
199,slowking,"When its head was bitten, toxins entered SLOWPOKE’s head and unlocked an extraordinary power."
593,jellicent,Its body is mostly seawater. It’s said there’s a castle of ships this Pokémon have sunk on the seafloor.
809,melmetal,Centrifugal force is behind the punches of this Pokémon’s heavy hex-nut arms. this Pokémon is said to deliver the strongest punches of all Pokémon.
437,bronzong,"Many scientists suspect that this Pokémon originated outside the Galar region, based on the patterns on its body."
571,zoroark,Stories say those who tried to catch this Pokémon were trapped in an illusion and punished.
239,elekid,A weak electric current flows between its horns. Sticking a hand there shocks the unwary.
631,heatmor,"Using their very hot, flame-covered tongues, they burn through Durant’s steel bodies and consume their insides."
286,breloom,Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
490,manaphy,It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond with any kind of Pokémon.
182,bellossom,this Pokémon gather at times and appear to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.
661,fletchling,Its melodious cries are actually warnings. this Pokémon will mercilessly peck at anything that enters its territory.
94,gengar,"It hides in shadows. It is said that if this Pokémon is hiding, it cools the area by nearly 10 degrees F."
433,chingling,"It emits high-frequency cries that people can’t hear. Once it starts, it can cry for an awfully long time. "
58,growlithe,A Pokémon with a loyal nature. It will remain motionless until it is given an order by its Trainer.
201,unown,"Because different types of this Pokémon exist, it is saidthat they must have a variety of abilities."
78,rapidash,"At full gallop, its four hooves barely touch theground because it moves so incredi­ bly fast."
212,scizor,this Pokémon has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks.This POKéMON flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
297,hariyama,It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
411,bastiodon,"When they lined up side by side, no foe could break through. They shielded their young in that way."
112,rhydon,Its brain developed when it began walking on hind legs. Its thick hide protects it even in magma.
163,hoothoot,It begins to hoot at the same time every day. Some Trainers use them in place of clocks.
326,grumpig,It can gain control over foes by doing odd dance steps. The black pearls on its forehead are precious gems.
441,chatot,It mimics the cries of other Pokémon to trick them into thinking it’s one of them. This way they won’t attack it.
398,staraptor,The muscles in its wings and legs are strong. It can easily fly while gripping a small Pokémon.
408,cranidos,It lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its skull is as hard as iron.
289,slaking,"The world’s laziest Pokémon. When it is lounging, it is actually saving energy for striking back."
8,wartortle,"It is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity."
243,raikou,this Pokémon embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this Pokémon send shock waves shuddering through the air and shake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down.
595,joltik,this Pokémon that live in cities have learned a technique for sucking electricity from the outlets in houses.
342,crawdaunt,A brutish POKéMON that loves to battle. A veteran this Pokémon that has prevailed in hundreds of battles has giant pincers marked with countless scars.
639,terrakion,It has phenomenal power. It will mercilessly crush anyone or anything that bullies small Pokémon.
118,goldeen,Its dorsal and pectoral fins are strongly developed like muscles. It can swim at a speed of five knots.
258,mudkip,Its power can crush boulders. It rests by covering itself with mud at the bottom of a river.
176,togetic,It is said to appear in front of kindly people to scatter a glowing down called “joy dust.”
239,elekid,"this Pokémon stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity, this Pokémon begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself."
127,pinsir,this Pokémon is astoundingly strong. It can grip a foe weighing twice its weight in its horns and easily lift it.This POKéMON’s movements turn sluggish in cold places.
627,rufflet,"They will challenge anything, even strong opponents, without fear. Their frequent fights help them become stronger."
231,phanpy,"As a sign of affection, it bumps with its snout. However, it is so strong, it may send you flying."
451,skorupi,"After burrowing into the sand, it waits patiently for prey to come near. This Pokémon and Sizzlipede share common descent."
1,bulbasaur,"It can go for days without eating a single morsel. In the bulb on its back, it stores energy."
292,shedinja,A most peculiar POKéMON that somehow appears in a POKé BALL when a NINCADA evolves.
800,necrozma,"Reminiscent of the Ultra Beasts, this life-form, apparently asleep underground, is thought to have come from another world in ancient times."
395,empoleon,"If anyone were to hurt its pride, it would slash them with wings that can cleave through an ice floe."
650,chespin,Such a thick shell of wood covers its head and back that even a direct hit from a truck wouldn’t faze it.
572,minccino,this Pokémon greet each other by grooming one another thoroughly with their tails.
242,blissey,Their eggs are such a delicacy that some say eating one will bring you happiness. These eggs fetch the highest prices on the market.
364,sealeo,"this Pokémon often balances and rolls things on the tip of its nose. While the Pokémon is rolling something, it checks the object’s aroma and texture to determine whether it likes the object or not."
524,roggenrola,"Its ear is hexagonal in shape. Compressed underground, its body is as hard as steel."
337,lunatone,"Because it turns active on nights of the full moon, it is said to have some link to the lunar phases."
464,rhyperior,It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. Geodude are shot at rare times.
569,garbodor,Consuming garbage makes new kinds of poison gases and liquids inside their bodies.
460,abomasnow,"If it sees any packs of Darumaka going after Snover, it chases them off, swinging its sizable arms like hammers."
750,mudsdale,"It spits a mud that provides resistance to both wind and rain, so the walls of old houses were often coated with it."
530,excadrill,It can help in tunnel construction. Its drill has evolved into steel strong enough to bore through iron plates.
38,ninetales,"It is said to live 1,000 years, and each of its tails is loaded with supernatural powers."
111,rhyhorn,"this Pokémon runs in a straight line, smashing everything in its path. It is not bothered even if it rushesheadlong into a block of steel. This POKéMON may feel some pain from the collision the next day, however."
186,politoed,It gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make Poliwag obey.
631,heatmor,"A flame serves as its tongue, melting through the hard shell of Durant so that this Pokémon can devour their insides."
595,joltik,"Since it can’t generate its own electricity, it sticks onto large-bodied Pokémon and absorbs static electricity."
328,trapinch,"this Pokémon’s nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit dug in sand. This POKéMON patiently waits for prey to tumble down the pit.Its giant jaws have enough strength to crush even boulders."
349,feebas,"While this Pokémon’s body is in tatters, it has a hardy and tenacious life force that enables it to live anywhere.However, this POKéMON is also slow and dimwitted, making it an easy catch."
749,mudbray,The mud stuck to this Pokémon’s hooves enhances its grip and its powerful running gait.
893,zarude,"Within dense forests, this Pokémon lives in a pack with others of its kind. It’s incredibly aggressive, and the other Pokémon of the forest fear it."
75,graveler,"With a free and uncaring nature, it doesn't mind ifpieces break off while it rolls down mountains."
153,bayleef,The scent that wafts from the leaves on its neckcauses anyone who smells it to become energetic.
147,dratini,It grows by molting repeatedly. Boots made from the tanned cast-off skin are a super luxury item.
278,wingull,It builds nests in cliffs by the sea. It circles the skies above the ocean looking for its favorite food—Wishiwashi.
125,electabuzz,Half of all sudden blackouts are caused by this Pokémon gathering at electric power plants and gobbling up electricity.
34,nidoking,"Its steel-like hide adds to its powerful tackle. Its horns are so hard, they can pierce a diamond."
154,meganium,Its breath has the fantastic ability to revive dead plants and flowers.
236,tyrogue,It is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes.
26,raichu,This POKéMON exudes a weak electrical charge from all over its body that makes it take on a slight glow in darkness.this Pokémon searches for electricity by planting its tail in the ground.
221,piloswine,"Covered by a shaggy coat, it is strong against the cold. Its tusks of ice thicken when it snows."
701,hawlucha,"With its wings, it controls its position in the air. It likes to attack from above, a maneuver that is difficult to defend against."
94,gengar,It is said to emerge from darkness to steal the lives of those who become lost in mountains.
87,dewgong,It stores thermal energy in the body. It swims at a steady eight knots even in intensely cold waters.
135,jolteon,"It controls 10,000-volt power and can raise all the fur on its body as if it were sharp needles."
223,remoraid,"this Pokémon sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey.When evolution draws near, this POKéMON travels downstream from rivers."
320,wailmer,"When it sucks in a large volume of seawater, it becomes like a big, bouncy ball. It eats a ton of food daily."
600,klang,"A minigear and big gear comprise its body. If the minigear it launches at a foe doesn’t return, it will die."
136,flareon,"Inhaled air is heated in the flame sac in its body to an intense fire over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit."
406,budew,"When it feels the sun’s warm touch, it opens its bud to release pollen. It lives alongside clear pools."
94,gengar,"It hides in shadows. It is said that if this Pokémon is hiding, it cools the area by nearly 10 degrees Fahrenheit."
75,graveler,"It rolls on mountain paths to move. Once it builds momentum, no Pokémon can stop it without difficulty."
206,dunsparce,The nests this Pokémon live in are mazes of tunnels. They never get lost in their own nests—they can tell where they are by the scent of the dirt.
130,gyarados,"In ancient literature, there is a record of a this Pokémon that razed a village when violence flared."
532,timburr,"It loves helping out with construction projects. It loves it so much that if rain causes work to halt, it swings its log around and throws a tantrum."
578,duosion,"When their brains, now divided in two, are thinking the same thoughts, these Pokémon exhibit their maximum power."
109,koffing,"Lighter-than-air gases in its body keep it aloft. The gases not only smell, they are also explosive."
141,kabutops,"In the water, it tucks in its limbs to become more compact, then it wiggles its shell to swim fast."
132,ditto,"When it encount­ ers another this Pokémon, it will movefaster than normal to duplicate that opponent exactly."
558,crustle,"Competing for territory, this Pokémon fight viciously. The one whose boulder is broken is the loser of the battle."
48,venonat,"Its large eyes act as radar. In a bright place, you can see that they are clusters of many tiny eyes."
353,shuppet,It loves vengeful emotions and hangs in rows under the eaves of houses where vengeful people live.
294,loudred,The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
171,lanturn,"It blinds prey with an intense burst of light. With the prey incapacitated, the Pokémon swallows it in a single gulp."
110,weezing,"It grows by feeding on gases released by garbage. Though very rare, triplets have been found."
573,cinccino,"this Pokémon’s body is coated in a special oil that helps it deflect attacks, such as punches."
90,shellder,It swims backward by opening and closing its two shells. Its large tongue is always kept hanging out.
73,tentacruel,It extends its 80 tentacles to form an encircling poisonous net that is difficult to escape.
337,lunatone,It was discovered at the site of a meteor strike 40 years ago. Its stare can lull its foes to sleep.
313,volbeat,It emits light from its tail to communicate. It loves the sweet aroma given off by ILLUMISE.
24,arbok,"This Pokémon is terrifically strong in order to constrict things with its body. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once this Pokémon wraps its body around its foe, escaping its crunching embrace is impossible."
454,toxicroak,It bounces toward opponents and gouges them with poisonous claws. No more than a scratch is needed to knock out its adversaries.
258,mudkip,"To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders."
431,glameow,It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular among some.
129,magikarp,"A this Pokémon living for many years can leap a mountain using Splash. The move remains useless, though."
62,poliwrath,"this Pokémon’s highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises.It is so tirelessly strong, this POKéMON can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort."
536,palpitoad,"It weakens its prey with sound waves intense enough to cause headaches, then entangles them with its sticky tongue."
797,celesteela,It appeared from the Ultra Wormhole. Witnesses observed it flying across the sky at high speed.
71,victreebel,"It pools in its mouth a fluid with a honeylike scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything."
597,ferroseed,"When threatened, it attacks by shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives it a chance to escape by rolling away."
244,entei,"Volcanoes erupt when it barks. Un­ able to restrainits extreme power, it races headlong around the land."
57,primeape,"When this Pokémon becomes furious, its blood circulation is boosted. In turn, its muscles are made even stronger. However, it also becomes much less intelligent at the same time."
141,kabutops,It is thought that this Pokémon came onto land because its prey adapted to life on land.
474,porygon-z,Its programming was modified to enable it to travel through alien dimensions. Seems there might have been an error...
53,persian,It has a violent temperament. It will attack anything that looks it in the eye. Its sharp claws inflict deep wounds.
422,shellos,"Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body, as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out."
335,zangoose,"It’s Seviper’s archrival. To threaten those it encounters, it fans out the claws on its front paws."
179,mareep,"this Pokémon’s fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows."
51,dugtrio,A team of DIGLETT triplets. It triggers hugeearthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.
693,clawitzer,"By expelling water from the nozzle in the back of its claw, it can move at a speed of 60 knots."
109,koffing,"If this Pokémon becomes agitated, it raises the toxicity of its internal gases and jets them out from all over its body.This POKéMON may also overinflate its round body, then explode."
550,basculin,Anglers love the fight this Pokémon puts up on the hook. And there are always more to catch— many people release them into lakes illicitly.
643,reshiram,"When this Pokémon’s tail flares, the heat energy moves the atmosphere and changes the world’s weather."
267,beautifly,"When flower fields bloom, it flits around, collecting pollen. Despite its appearance, it is savage."
280,ralts,The horns on its head provide a strong power that enables it to sense people’s emotions.
720,hoopa,It gathers things it likes and passes them through its loop to teleport them to a secret place.
60,poliwag,"this Pokémon has a very thin skin. It is possible to see the POKéMON’s spiral innards right through the skin.Despite its thinness, however, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it."
133,eevee,The question of why only this Pokémon has such unstable genes has still not been solved.
326,grumpig,It uses black pearls to amplify its psycho-power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes.
60,poliwag,The direction of the spiral on the belly differs by area. It is more adept at swimming than walking.
374,beldum,"Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses throughout this Pokémon’s body. This Pokémon communicates with others by sending controlled pulses of magnetism."
418,buizel,It spins its two tails like a screw to propel itself through water. The tails also slice clinging seaweed.
68,machamp,Its four muscled arms slam foes with powerful punches and chops at blinding speed.
68,machamp,"With four arms that react more quickly than itcan think, it can execute many punches at once."
131,lapras,"People have driven this Pokémon almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, this POKéMON is said to sing plaintivelyas it seeks what few others of its kind still remain."
109,koffing,"this Pokémon embodies toxic substances. It mixes the toxins with raw garbage to set off a chemical reaction that results in a terribly powerful poison gas. The higher the temperature, the more gas is concocted by this Pokémon."
148,dragonair,"They say that if it emits an aura from its whole body, the weather will begin to change instantly."
337,lunatone,The phase of the moon apparently has some effect on its power. It’s active on the night of a full moon.
76,golem,"this Pokémon is known for rolling down from mountains. To prevent them from rolling into the homes of people downhill, grooves have been dug into the sides of mountains to serve as guideways for diverting this Pokémon’s course."
136,flareon,"If it inhales deeply, that’s a sign it’s about to attack. Prepare to be hit by flames of over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit!"
196,espeon,"It unleashes psychic power from the orb on its forehead. When its power is exhausted, the orb grows dull and dark."
360,wynaut,"this Pokémon gather on moonlit nights to play by squeezing up against each other. By being squeezed, this Pokémon gains endurance and is trained to dole out powerful counterattacks."
713,avalugg,Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel. Its cumbersome frame crushes anything that stands in its way.
186,politoed,"At nightfall, these Pokémon appear on the shores of lakes. They announce their territorial claims by letting out cries that sound like shouting."
329,vibrava,"It vibrates its wings vigorously, creating ultrasonic waves that cause serious headaches."
218,slugma,"Its body is made of magma. If it doesn’t keep moving, its body will cool and harden."
305,lairon,"For food, it digs up iron ore. It smashes its steely body against others to fight over territory."
506,lillipup,"Though it is a very brave Pokémon, it’s also smart enough to check its foe’s strength and avoid battle."
52,meowth,"It loves coins, so if you give it one, you can make friends with this Pokémon easily. But it’s fickle, so you can’t count on that friendship lasting."
784,kommo-o,"It battles valiantly with its fists, which are armored in steel scales. this Pokémon specializes in uppercuts."
48,venonat,"Its large eyes act as radars. In a bright place, youcan see that they are clusters of many tiny eyes."
200,misdreavus,A Pokémon that startles people in the middle of the night. It gathers fear as its energy.
367,huntail,"this Pokémon’s tail is shaped like a fish. It uses the tail to attract prey, then swallows the prey whole with its large,gaping mouth. This POKéMON swims by wiggling its slender body like a snake."
88,grimer,"As it moves, it loses bits of its body from whichnew this Pokémon emerge. This worsens the stench around it."
777,togedemaru,"With the long hairs on its back, this Pokémon takes in electricity from other electric Pokémon. It stores what it absorbs in an electric sac."
198,murkrow,"If spotted, it will lure an unwary person into chasing it then lose the pursuer on mountain trails."
479,rotom,Its electric-like body can enter some kinds of machines and take control in order to make mischief.
525,boldore,"When it is healthy, its core sticks out. Always facing the same way, it swiftly moves front to back and left to right."
208,steelix,"It is said that if an ONIX lives for over 100 years,its composition changes to become diamond-like."
264,linoone,"When running in a straight line, it can easily top 60 miles an hour. It has a tough time with curved roads."
207,gligar,"It glides as if sliding. It startles foes by clamping on to their faces, then jabs with its poison stinger."
401,kricketot,"Its legs are short. Whenever it stumbles, its stiff antennae clack with a xylophone-like sound."
168,ariados,A single strand of a special string is endlessly spun out of its rear. The string leads back to its nest.
210,granbull,"It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs."
19,rattata,"It searches for food all day. It gnaws on hard objects to wear down its fangs, which grow constantly during its lifetime."
310,manectric,It rarely appears before people. It is said to nest where lightning has fallen.
122,mr-mime,It uses the mysterious power it has inits fingers to solidify air into an invisible wall.
362,glalie,It prevents prey from escaping by instantaneously freezing moisture in the air.
9,blastoise,The pressurized water jets on this brutal POKéMON’s shell are used for high- speed tackles.
128,tauros,"This POKéMON is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for this Pokémon tobattle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself."
227,skarmory,"Its feathers, which fall off as it grows, are thin and sharp. In times long past, warriors used them as swords."
263,zigzagoon,It walks in zigzag fashion. It is good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
66,machop,Its muscles never cramp however much it trains. It lives in the mountains away from humans.
229,houndoom,"The flames it breathes when angry contain toxins. If they cause a burn, it will hurt forever."
695,heliolisk,One this Pokémon basking in the sun with its frill outspread is all it would take to produce enough electricity to power a city.
218,slugma,"It never sleeps. It has to keep moving because if it stopped, its magma body would cool and harden."
633,deino,"They cannot see, so they tackle and bite to learn about their surroundings. Their bodies are covered in wounds."
75,graveler,"With a free and uncaring nature, it doesn’t mind if pieces break off while it rolls down mountains."
370,luvdisc,There was an era when it was overfished due to the rumor that having one of its heart-shaped scales would enable you to find a sweetheart.
357,tropius,"Because it continually ate only its favorite fruit, the fruit started growing around its neck."
196,espeon,this Pokémon is extremely loyal to any Trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said that this Pokémon developed its precognitive powers to protect its Trainer from harm.
151,mew,"this Pokémon is said to possess the genetic composition of all Pokémon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people."
205,forretress,"In the moment that it gulps down its prey, the inside of its shell is exposed, but to this day, no one has ever seen that sight."
593,jellicent,"Whenever a full moon hangs in the night sky, schools of this Pokémon gather near the surface of the sea, waiting for their prey to appear."
203,girafarig,"Its tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent by biting."
89,muk,"Thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. It is so toxic, even its footprints contain poison."
161,sentret,It has a very nervous nature. It stands up high on its tail so it can scan wide areas.
299,nosepass,"The magnet in this Pokémon’s nose provides an unerring compass, making it an excellent partner for Trainers going on a journey."
350,milotic,"this Pokémon live at the bottom of large lakes. When this POKéMON’s body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave ofenergy that brings soothing calm to restless spirits."
840,applin,"As soon as it’s born, it burrows into an apple. Not only does the apple serve as its food source, but the flavor of the fruit determines its evolution."
637,volcarona,"A sea of fire engulfs the surroundings of their battles, since they use their six wings to scatter their ember scales."
360,wynaut,It tends to move in a pack with others. They cluster in a tight group to sleep in a cave.
440,happiny,"It carries a round white rock in its belly pouch. If it gets along well with someone, it will sometimes give that person the rock."
82,magneton,"Generates strange radio signals. It raises the temperature by 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit within 3,300 feet."
216,teddiursa,"Before food becomes scarce in wintertime, its habit is to hoard food in many hidden locations."
357,tropius,"Because it continually ate only its favorite fruit, the fruit started growing around its neck."
229,houndoom,"In a this Pokémon pack, the one with its horns raked sharply back serves a leadership role. They choose their leader by fighting among themselves."
107,hitmonchan,The arm-twisting punches it throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting.
62,poliwrath,An adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breaststroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.
505,watchog,"Using luminescent matter, it makes its eyes and body glow and stuns attacking opponents."
266,silcoon,It drinks dew that collects on its silk and waits for evolution. Its hard cocoon repels attacks.
377,regirock,"Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself."
175,togepi,The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly.
498,tepig,"It loves to eat roasted berries, but sometimes it gets too excited and burns them to a crisp."
259,marshtomp,"The surface of this Pokémon’s body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land.This POKéMON plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low."
583,vanillish,"Snowy mountains are this Pokémon’s habitat. During an ancient ice age, they moved to southern areas."
170,chinchou,It shoots positive and negative electricity between the tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies.
216,teddiursa,It lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique.
544,whirlipede,"Storing energy for evolution, it sits. But, when predators approach, it moves to stab them with poison spikes."
664,scatterbug,"When under attack from bird Pokémon, it spews a poisonous black powder that causes paralysis on contact."
253,grovyle,"It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch."
197,umbreon,"When agitated, this Pokémon protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores."
270,lotad,It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can’t swim.
42,golbat,"It attacks in a stealthy manner, without warning. Its sharp fangs are used to bite and to suck blood."
463,lickilicky,Their saliva contains lots of components that can dissolve anything. The numbness caused by their lick does not dissipate.
250,ho-oh,Legends claim this POKéMON flies the world's skies con­tinuously on its magnificent seven- colored wings.
321,wailord,"this Pokémon is the largest of all identified POKéMON up to now. This giant POKéMON swims languorouslyin the vast open sea, eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous mouth."
468,togekiss,It shares many blessings with people who respect one another’s rights and avoid needless strife.
238,smoochum,It always rocks its head slowly backwards and for­wards as if it is trying to kiss someone.
6,charizard,It is said that this Pokémon’s fire burns hotter if it has experienced harsh battles.
349,feebas,"While this Pokémon’s body is in tatters, it has a hardy and tenacious life force that enables it to live anywhere. However, this Pokémon is also slow and dimwitted, making it an easy catch."
398,staraptor,"When STARAVIA evolve into this Pokémon, they leave the flock to live alone. They have sturdy wings."
55,golduck,"Often seen swim­ ming elegantly by lake shores. Itis often mistaken for the Japanese monster, Kappa."
798,kartana,"This Ultra Beast came from the Ultra Wormhole. It seems not to attack enemies on its own, but its sharp body is a dangerous weapon in itself."
708,phantump,"With a voice like a human child’s, it cries out to lure adults deep into the forest, getting them lost among the trees."
706,goodra,"It’s very friendly toward people. If you grow close to it, this Pokémon will hug you with its sticky, slime-covered body. Don’t get mad."
682,spritzee,A scent pouch within this Pokémon’s body allows it to create various scents. A change in its diet will alter the fragrance it produces.
243,raikou,The rain clouds it carries let it fire thunderboltsat will. They say that it descended with lightning.
851,centiskorch,"While its burning body is already dangerous on its own, this excessively hostile Pokémon also has large and very sharp fangs."
447,riolu,"It uses the shapes of auras, which change according to emotion, to communicate with others."
482,azelf,Known as “The Being of Willpower.” It sleeps at the bottom of a lake to keep the world in balance.
282,gardevoir,It has the power to predict the future. Its power peaks when it is protecting its Trainer.
665,spewpa,"The beaks of bird Pokémon can’t begin to scratch its stalwart body. To defend itself, it spews powder."
54,psyduck,"While lulling its enemies with its vacant look, thiswily POKéMON will use psychokinetic powers."
95,onix,Burrows at high speed in search of food. The tunnels it leaves are used as homes by Diglett.
16,pidgey,A common sight in forests and woods. It flaps its wings at ground level to kick up blinding sand.
205,forretress,It remains immovably rooted to its tree. It scatters pieces of its hard shell to drive its enemies away.
513,pansear,This Pokémon lives in caves in volcanoes. The fire within the tuft on its head can reach 600 degrees Fahrenheit.
55,golduck,"Often seen swim­ ming elegantly by lake shores. Itis often mistaken for the Japanese monster, Kappa."
279,pelipper,"It is a messenger of the skies, carrying small Pokémon and eggs to safety in its bill."
94,gengar,"Deep in the night, your shadow cast by a streetlight may suddenly overtake you. It is actually a this Pokémon running past you, pretending to be your shadow."
621,druddigon,It runs through the narrow tunnels formed by Excadrill and Onix. It uses its sharp claws to catch prey.
368,gorebyss,Its pink body becomes more vivid with the rise of water temperatures in the springtime.
201,unown,"This POKéMON is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or thevarious this Pokémon. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known."
133,eevee,Its irregularly configured DNA is affected by its surroundings. It evolves if its environment changes.
161,sentret,It has a very nervous nature. It stands up high on its tail so it can scan wide areas.
364,sealeo,"It habitually spins things on its nose. By doing so, it learns textures and odors."
43,oddish,"During the daytime, this Pokémon buries itself in soil to absorb nutrients from the ground using its entire body.The more fertile the soil, the glossier its leaves become."
100,voltorb,"It rolls to move. If the ground is uneven, a suddenjolt from hitting a bump can cause it to explode."
427,buneary,this Pokémon can attack by rolling up their ears and then striking with the force created by unrolling them. This attack becomes stronger with training.
598,ferrothorn,"By swinging around its three spiky feelers and shooting spikes, it can obliterate an opponent."
52,meowth,"It loves things that sparkle. When it sees a shinyobject, the gold coin on its head shines too."
234,stantler,"this Pokémon’s magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this POKéMON was huntedclose to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers."
276,taillow,"this Pokémon is young—it has only just left its nest. As a result, it sometimes becomes lonesome and cries at night. This Pokémon feeds on Wurmple that live in forests."
300,skitty,"this Pokémon is known to chase around playfully after its own tail. In the wild, this POKéMON lives in holes in the treesof forests. It is very popular as a pet because of its adorable looks."
286,breloom,"The seeds on its tail are made of toxic spores. It knocks out foes with quick, virtually invisible punches."
304,aron,"When it evolves, it sheds the steel carapace that covered its whole body and develops a new one."
566,archen,"It was revived from an ancient fossil. Not able to fly, it lived in treetops and hopped from one branch to another."
179,mareep,"this Pokémon’s fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows."
199,slowking,Being bitten by Shellder gave it intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists.
694,helioptile,"When spread, the frills on its head act like solar panels, generating the power behind this Pokémon’s electric moves."
182,bellossom,"When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open."
72,tentacool,Its body is virtually composed of water. It shoots strange beams from its crystal-like eyes.
71,victreebel,"The long vine extending from its head is waved about as if it were a living thing to attract prey. When an unsuspecting victim approaches, it is swallowed whole."
189,jumpluff,"Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes."
426,drifblim,"Even while under careful observation, large flocks of this Pokémon flying at dusk will inexplicably disappear from view."
7,squirtle,It shelters itself in its shell then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity.
444,gabite,This Pokémon emits ultrasonic waves from a protrusion on either side of its head to probe pitch-dark caves.
305,lairon,It loves iron ore. Groups of them fight for territory by bashing one another with their steel bodies.
123,scyther,"this Pokémon is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms. This Pokémon’s scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke."
116,horsea,"By cleverly flicking the fins on its back side to side, it moves in any direction while facing forward. It spits ink to escape if it senses danger."
460,abomasnow,"They appear when the snow flowers bloom. When the petals fall, they retreat to places unknown again."
48,venonat,"The small bugs it eats appear only at night, so itsleeps in a hole in a tree until night falls."
471,glaceon,Any who become captivated by the beauty of the snowfall that this Pokémon creates will be frozen before they know it.
338,solrock,"It absorbs solar energy during the day. Always expressionless, it can sense what its foe is thinking."
280,ralts,It uses the horns on its head to sense human emotions. It is said to appear in front of cheerful people.
173,cleffa,"Because of its silhouette, it’s believed to be a star reborn. For some reason, it loves Minior."
168,ariados,"It attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends."
107,hitmonchan,The arm-twisting punches it throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting.
488,cresselia,Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
330,flygon,It hides itself by kicking up desert sand with its wings. Red covers shield its eyes from sand.
829,gossifleur,"It anchors itself in the ground with its single leg, then basks in the sun. After absorbing enough sunlight, its petals spread as it blooms brilliantly."
629,vullaby,They tend to guard their posteriors with suitable bones they have found. They pursue weak Pokémon.
76,golem,Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It caneasily withstand dynamite blasts without damage.
312,minun,"It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks."
410,shieldon,It was generated from a fossil dug out of a layer of clay that was older than anyone knows. It has a sturdy face.
142,aerodactyl,this Pokémon is a POKéMON from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber.It is imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times.
438,bonsly,"This Pokémon lives in dry, rocky areas. As its green spheres dry out, their dull luster increases."
755,morelull,Pokémon living in the forest eat the delicious caps on this Pokémon’s head. The caps regrow overnight.
397,staravia,"Recognizing their own weakness, they always live in a group. When alone, a this Pokémon cries noisily."
1,bulbasaur,"It can go for days without eating a single morsel. In the bulb on its back, it stores energy."
114,tangela,"During battle, it constantly moves the vines thatcover its body in order to annoy its opponent."
38,ninetales,Its nine tails are said to be imbued with a mystic power. It can live for a thousand years.
344,claydol,It is said that it originates from clay dolls made by an ancient civilization.
730,primarina,"To this Pokémon, every battle is a stage. It takes down its prey with beautiful singing and dancing."
96,drowzee,"A descendent of the legendary animal baku, which is said to eat dreams. It is skilled at hypnotism."
285,shroomish,It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
282,gardevoir,It unleashes psychokinetic energy at full power when protecting a Trainer it has bonded closely with.
679,honedge,"If anyone dares to grab its hilt, it wraps a blue cloth around that person’s arm and drains that person’s life energy completely."
139,omastar,It is thought that this Pokémon became extinct because its spiral shell grew too large.
379,registeel,this Pokémon was imprisoned by people in ancient times. The metal composing its body is thought to be a curious substance that is not of this earth.
25,pikachu,It raises its tail to check its surroundings. The tail is sometimes struck by lightning in this pose.
646,kyurem,This legendary ice Pokémon waits for a hero to fill in the missing parts of its body with truth or ideals.
228,houndour,It is smart enough to hunt in packs. It uses a variety of cries for communicating with others.
42,golbat,They can suck down over 10 ounces of blood in one go. They have been known to drink so much blood that they can no longer fly.
67,machoke,Its formidable body never gets tired. It helps people by doing work such as the moving of heavy goods.
10,caterpie,"When attacked by bird Pokémon, it resists by releasing a terrifically strong odor from its antennae, but it often becomes their prey."
211,qwilfish,It shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer.
100,voltorb,"During the study of this POKéMON, it was discoveredthat its compo­ nents are not found in nature."
123,scyther,It's very proud of its speed. It moves so fast thatits opponent does not even know what knocked it down.
131,lapras,"They have gentle hearts. Because they rarely fight, many have been caught. Their number has dwindled."
163,hoothoot,"Every day, it tilts its head in the same rhythm. A long time ago, people raised these Pokémon to serve as clocks."
208,steelix,this Pokémon lives even further underground than ONIX. This POKéMON is known to dig towards the earth’s core.There are records of this POKéMON reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
761,bounsweet,"Because of its sweet, delicious aroma, bird Pokémon are always after it, but it’s not intelligent enough to care."
138,omanyte,"this Pokémon is one of the ancient and long- since-extinct POKéMON that have been regenerated from fossils by people.If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell."
40,wigglytuff,"The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, it willsuck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size."
93,haunter,"It’s dangerous to go outside alone on nights when you’re feeling sad. this Pokémon will catch you, and you won’t be able to go back home."
318,carvanha,They swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls.
483,dialga,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that time flows when this Pokémon’s heart beats.
292,shedinja,A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit.
363,spheal,"this Pokémon is much faster rolling than walking to get around. When groups of this POKéMON eat, they all clap at onceto show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy."
440,happiny,It likes to carry around a small rock. It may wander around others’ feet and cause them to stumble.
84,doduo,"By alternately raising and lowering its two heads, it balances itself to be more stable while running."
757,salandit,Its venom sacs produce a fluid that this Pokémon then heats up with the flame in its tail. This process creates this Pokémon’s poisonous gas.
296,makuhita,It toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest.
132,ditto,It has the ability to reconstitute its entire cellular structure to transform into whatever it sees.
81,magnemite,Uses anti-gravity to stay suspended. Appears withoutwarning and uses THUNDER WAVE and similar moves.
309,electrike,this Pokémon stores electricity in its long body hair. This Pokémon stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges. These jolts of power give its legs explosive acceleration performance.
262,mightyena,It will always obey the commands of a skilled Trainer. Its behavior arises from its living in packs in ancient times.
5,charmeleon,"It is very hot­ headed by nature, so it constantlyseeks opponents. It calms down only when it wins."
63,abra,"this Pokémon needs to sleep for eighteen hours a day. If it doesn’t, this Pokémon loses its ability to use telekinetic powers. If it is attacked, this Pokémon escapes using Teleport while it is still sleeping."
105,marowak,this Pokémon is the evolved form of a Cubone that has overcome its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough. This Pokémon’s tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken.
142,aerodactyl,A savage Pokémon that died out in ancient times. It was resurrected using DNA taken from amber.
659,bunnelby,"It excels at digging holes. Using its ears, it can dig a nest 33 feet deep in one night."
553,krookodile,"Very violent Pokémon, they try to clamp down on anything that moves in front of their eyes."
95,onix,It twists and squirms through the ground. The thunderous roar of its tunneling echoes a long way.
456,finneon,"After long exposure to sunlight, the patterns on its tail fins shine vividly when darkness arrives."
446,munchlax,It conceals food under the long fur on its body. It carts around this food stash and swallows it without chewing.
633,deino,"Lacking sight, it’s unaware of its surroundings, so it bumps into things and eats anything that moves."
160,feraligatr,"It opens its huge mouth to intimidate enemies. In battle, it runs using its thick and powerful hind legs to charge the foe with incredible speed."
128,tauros,"Once it takes aim at its foe, it makes a headlong charge. It is famous for its violent nature."
217,ursaring,"In its territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits."
119,seaking,"In autumn, its body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate. It takes on beautiful colors."
129,magikarp,"An underpowered, pathetic POKéMON. It may jump highon rare occasions, but never more than seven feet."
241,miltank,"It is said that kids who drink this Pokémon’s milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults."
575,gothorita,"Starlight is the source of their power. At night, they mark star positions by using psychic power to float stones."
66,machop,Loves to build its muscles. It trains in all styles of martial arts to become even stronger.
586,sawsbuck,"They migrate according to the seasons, so some people call this Pokémon the harbingers of spring."
691,dragalge,It blends in with seaweed to ambush its prey and then takes them down with a poisonous liquid strong enough to melt metal.
538,throh,"When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild this Pokémon use vines to weave their own belts."
400,bibarel,"While its movements out of water are sluggish, it can swim as fast as any FEEBAS."
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can’t help breaking out into a dance."
471,glaceon,It lowers its body heat to freeze its fur. The hairs then become like needles it can fire.
305,lairon,"For food, it digs up iron ore. It smashes its steely body against others to fight over territory."
267,beautifly,Its colorfully patterned wings are its most prominent feature. It flies through flower-covered fields collecting pollen. It attacks ferociously when angered.
256,combusken,this Pokémon battles with the intensely hot flames it spews from its beak and with outstandingly destructive kicks.This POKéMON’s cry is very loud and distracting.
209,snubbull,"By baring its fangs and making a scary face, this Pokémon sends smaller POKéMON scurrying away in terror.However, this POKéMON seems a little sad at making its foes flee."
163,hoothoot,"this Pokémon has an internal organ that senses and tracks the earth’s rotation. Using this special organ, this POKéMONbegins hooting at precisely the same time every day."
31,nidoqueen,Its entire body is armored with hard scales. It will protect the young in its burrow with its life.
20,raticate,"this Pokémon’s sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses."
507,herdier,"It loyally follows its Trainer’s orders. For ages, they have helped Trainers raise Pokémon."
42,golbat,"this Pokémon bites down on prey with its four fangs and drinks the victim’s blood. It becomes active on inky darkmoonless nights, flying around to attack people and POKéMON."
452,drapion,"Its body is encased in a sturdy shell. Its head rotates 180 degrees, eliminating blind spots."
293,whismur,"If it senses danger, it scares the foe by crying out with the volume of a jet-plane engine."
465,tangrowth,Its arms are made of plants that bind themselves to things. They grow back right away if cut.
392,infernape,It uses unique fighting moves with fire on its hands and feet. It will take on any opponent.
237,hitmontop,"If you become enchanted by its smooth, elegant, dance-like kicks, you may get drilled hard."
108,lickitung,Its tongue spans almost seven feet and moves more freely than its forelegs. Its licks can cause paralysis.
122,mr-mime,The broadness of its hands may be no coincidence—many scientists believe its palms became enlarged specifically for pantomiming.
58,growlithe,"A Pokémon with a friendly nature. However, it will bark fiercely at anything invading its territory."
526,gigalith,"When it fires off energy with all its might, the power creates countless fissures on its body."
331,cacnea,"this Pokémon lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a strong aroma from its flower to attract prey.When prey comes near, this POKéMON shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring the victim down."
40,wigglytuff,"It has a very fine fur. Take care not to make it angry,or it may inflate steadily and hit with a BODY SLAM."
107,hitmonchan,this Pokémon is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working towards a world championship.This POKéMON has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity.
223,remoraid,"Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a MANTINE’s underside to scavenge for leftovers. "
569,garbodor,"For a time, their numbers increased explosively in Alola. Since the arrival of Grimer, their population has decreased dramatically."
126,magmar,"The fiery surface of its body gives off a wavering,rippling glare that is similar to the sun."
420,cherubi,It evolves by sucking the energy out of the small ball where it had been storing nutrients.
90,shellder,It swims backward by opening and closing its two shells. Its large tongue is always kept hanging out.
349,feebas,"It eats anything, so it can even live in polluted streams and lakes. No one pays any attention to it."
45,vileplume,"Its petals are the largest in the world. As it walks, it scatters extremely allergenic pollen."
87,dewgong,"In snow, the pure white coat covering its body obscures it from predators."
365,walrein,this Pokémon’s two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing 10 tons with one blow. This Pokémon’s thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures.
96,drowzee,"If you sleep by it all the time, it will sometimesshow you dreams it has eaten in the past."
728,popplio,this Pokémon gets on top of its bouncy water balloons to jump higher. It’s quite the acrobatic fighter!
376,metagross,It folds its four legs when flying. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer.
73,tentacruel,"It has 80 tentacles that move about freely. They can sting, causing poisoning and sharp, stabbing pain."
471,glaceon,It lowers its body heat to freeze its fur. The hairs then become like needles it can fire.
129,magikarp,"A this Pokémon living for many years can leap a mountain using Splash. The move remains useless, though."
760,bewear,"Once it accepts you as a friend, it tries to show its affection with a hug. Letting it do that is dangerous—it could easily shatter your bones."
460,abomasnow,"They appear when the snow flowers bloom. When the petals fall, they retreat to places unknown again."
574,gothita,"They intently observe both Trainers and Pokémon. Apparently, they are looking at something that only this Pokémon can see."
372,shelgon,It hardly eats while it awaits evolution. It becomes hardier by enduring hunger. Its shell peels off the instant it begins to evolve.
172,pichu,"The electric sacs in its cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked."
240,magby,"this Pokémon’s state of health is determined by observing the fire it breathes. If the Pokémon is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames."
379,registeel,"Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched."
56,mankey,"When this Pokémon starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it’s a sure sign that it is becoming angry.However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath."
491,darkrai,"It chases people and Pokémon from its territory by causing them to experience deep, nightmarish slumbers."
393,piplup,It doesn’t like to be taken care of. It’s difficult to bond with since it won’t listen to its Trainer.
788,tapu-fini,"This guardian deity of Poni Island manipulates water. Because it lives deep within a thick fog, it came to be both feared and revered."
13,weedle,"Often found in forests, eating leaves. It has a sharp stinger on its head that injects poison."
5,charmeleon,"It has a barbaric nature. In battle, it whips its fiery tail around and slashes away with sharp claws."
332,cacturne,Packs of them follow travelers through the desert until the travelers can no longer move.
395,empoleon,The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns.
14,kakuna,"It remains virtually immobile while it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it busily prepares for evolution. This is evident from how hot its shell becomes."
448,lucario,A well-trained one can sense auras to identify and take in the feelings of creatures over half a mile away.
167,spinarak,"It lies still in the same pose for days in its web,waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close."
674,pancham,"It does its level best to glare and pull a scary face, but it can’t help grinning if anyone pats its head."
50,diglett,"A Pokémon that lives underground. Because of its dark habitat, it is repelled by bright sunlight."
383,groudon,It had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought Kyogre long ago.
33,nidorino,"With a horn that’s harder than diamond, this Pokémon goes around shattering boulders as it searches for a moon stone."
193,yanma,It can hover in one spot by flapping its wings at high speed. It flits about to guard its territory.
169,crobat,A Pokémon that gained vastly enhanced flying performance by having its legs turn into wings.
336,seviper,It sharpens its swordlike tail on hard rocks. It hides in tall grass and strikes unwary prey with venomous fangs.
65,alakazam,A Pokémon that can memorize anything. It never forgets what it learns—that’s why this Pokémon is smart.
80,slowbro,The SHELLDER that is latched onto SLOWPOKE's tailis said to feed on the host's left over scraps.
109,koffing,"If this Pokémon becomes agitated, it raises the toxicity of its internal gases and jets them out from all over its body. This Pokémon may also overinflate its round body, then explode."
379,registeel,Its body is said to be harder than any kind of metal. A study has revealed that its body is hollow.
529,drilbur,"By spinning its body, it can dig straight through the ground at a speed of 30 mph."
128,tauros,"Once it takes aim at its foe, it makes a headlong charge. It is famous for its violent nature."
650,chespin,"The quills on its head are usually soft. When it flexes them, the points become so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock."
66,machop,Loves to build its muscles. It trains in allstyles of martial arts to become even stronger.
610,axew,"They play with each other by knocking their large tusks together. Their tusks break sometimes, but they grow back so quickly that it isn’t a concern."
139,omastar,"Apparently, it cracked SHELLDER’s shell with its sharp fangs and sucked out the insides."
356,dusclops,"Its body is entirely hollow. When it opens its mouth, it sucks everything in as if it were a black hole."
82,magneton,Formed by several MAGNEMITEs linked together. Theyfrequently appear when sunspots flare up.
459,snover,"In the spring, it grows berries with the texture of frozen treats around its belly."
220,swinub,It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs.
28,sandslash,It is adept at attacking with the spines on its back and its sharp claws while quickly scurrying about.
247,pupitar,"Its body is as hard as bedrock. By venting pressurized gas, it can launch itself like a rocket."
310,manectric,It rarely appears before people. It is said to nest where lightning has fallen.
324,torkoal,It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
705,sliggoo,Its entire body is covered with gooey mucus that can dissolve anything. Be sure to put gloves on if you’re going to touch it.
200,misdreavus,A Pokémon that startles people in the middle of the night. It gathers fear as its energy.
73,tentacruel,"When the red orbs on this Pokémon’s head glow brightly, watch out. The Pokémon is about to fire off a burst of ultrasonic waves."
73,tentacruel,"It communicates with others of its kind by lighting up the red orbs on its head. When the orbs are blinking, it’s a warning sign."
240,magby,A famous potter lives with a this Pokémon. Apparently its soft flames produce fine works.
134,vaporeon,"It detects nearby moisture with its fin. When its fin begins trembling rapidly, that means rain will fall in a few hours."
145,zapdos,A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. It freely controls lightning bolts.
32,nidoran-m,It scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection.
225,delibird,"It shares its food with people who are stranded. Because this Pokémon is omnivorous, sometimes it gives those people bug Pokémon."
78,rapidash,"When at an all-out gallop, its blazing mane sparkles, enhancing its beautiful appearance."
415,combee,The trio is together from birth. It constantly gathers honey from flowers to please Vespiquen.
377,regirock,"Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself."
239,elekid,"Even in the most vicious storm, this Pokémon plays happily if thunder rumbles in the sky."
149,dragonite,It is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore.
288,vigoroth,"this Pokémon is simply incapable of remaining still. Even when it tries to sleep, the blood in its veins grows agitated, compelling this Pokémon to run wild throughout the jungle before it can settle down."
373,salamence,this Pokémon is an unusual Pokémon in that it was able to evolve a body with wings just by constantly wishing to be able to fly.
461,weavile,They attack their quarry in packs. Prey as large as Mamoswine easily fall to the teamwork of a group of this Pokémon.
682,spritzee,The scent its body gives off enraptures those who smell it. Noble ladies had no shortage of love for this Pokémon.
158,totodile,Its well-developed jaws are powerful and capable ofcrushing anything. Even its trainer must be careful.
223,remoraid,The water they shoot from their mouths can hit moving prey from more than 300 feet away.
16,pidgey,"It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back."
115,kangaskhan,Raises its young in its belly pouch. Won’t run from any fight to keep its young protected.
384,rayquaza,"It flies in the ozone layer, way up high in the sky. Until recently, no one had ever seen it."
588,karrablast,For some reason they evolve when they receive electrical energy while they are attacking Shelmet.
460,abomasnow,It blankets wide areas in snow by whipping up blizzards. It is also known as “The Ice Monster.”
388,grotle,A this Pokémon that lives in the forest is said to have its own secret springwater.
474,porygon-z,Its programming was modified to enable it to travel through alien dimensions. Seems there might have been an error...
203,girafarig,"While it sleeps, the head on its tail keeps watch. The tail doesn’t need to sleep."
37,vulpix,"As it develops, its single white tail gains color and splits into six. It is quite warm and cuddly."
585,deerling,Their coloring changes according to the seasons and can be slightly affected by the temperature and humidity as well.
125,electabuzz,"When two this Pokémon touch, they control theelectric currents to communicate their feelings."
33,nidorino,"It is easily angered. By swinging its well- developed horn wildly, it can even punch through diamond."
234,stantler,Those who stare at its antlers will gradually lose control of their senses and be unable to stand.
345,lileep,"this Pokémon clings to rocks on the seabed. When prey comes close, this Pokémon entangles it with petallike tentacles."
62,poliwrath,A swimmer adept at both the front crawl and breaststroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.
465,tangrowth,"this Pokémon has two arms that it can extend as it pleases. Recent research has shown that these arms are, in fact, bundles of vines."
510,liepard,"Stealthily, it sneaks up on its target, striking from behind before its victim has a chance to react."
68,machamp,"It punches with its four arms at blinding speed. It can launch 1,000 punches in two seconds."
32,nidoran-m,Its large ears are flapped like wings when it is listening to distant sounds. It extends toxic barbs when angered.
289,slaking,This Pokémon lives lying on its side. It only rolls over and moves when there is no more grass to eat.
524,roggenrola,"The hexagonal hole is its ear. Deep in that ear is an energy core, so if you stick your hand in there, this Pokémon will be very angry!"
463,lickilicky,It has space in its throat to store saliva. It can also roll up its tongue and store it in the same spot.
88,grimer,"this Pokémon’s sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any opening, however small it may be. This Pokémon enters sewer pipes to drink filthy wastewater."
169,crobat,"Both its legs became wings, and as a result, it can’t move well on the ground. All it can do is crawl around."
398,staraptor,It never stops attacking even if it is injured. It fusses over the shape of its comb.
238,smoochum,"It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes."
510,liepard,Their beautiful form comes from the muscles they have developed. They run silently in the night.
1,bulbasaur,"this Pokémon can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back.By soaking up the sun’s rays, the seed grows progressively larger."
300,skitty,It shows its cute side by chasing its own tail until it gets dizzy.
239,elekid,"this Pokémon stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity,this POKéMON begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself."
114,tangela,The vines that cloak its entire body are alwaysjiggling. They effectively un­ nerve its foes.
422,shellos,"Purple mucus sticks to the hands of anyone who touches it. Take care, as the substance is troublesome to wash off. "
471,glaceon,"By controlling its body heat, it can freeze the atmosphere around it to make a diamond-dust flurry."
56,mankey,It’s unsafe to approach if it gets violently enraged for no reason and can’t distinguish friends from foes.
40,wigglytuff,"The rich, fluffy fur that covers its body feels sogood that anyone who feels it can't stop touching it."
586,sawsbuck,"They migrate according to the seasons, so some people call this Pokémon the harbingers of spring."
13,weedle,It eats its weight in leaves every day. It fends off attackers with the needle on its head.
70,weepinbell,A Pokémon that appears to be a plant. It captures unwary prey by dousing them with a toxic powder.
106,hitmonlee,"this Pokémon’s legs freely contract and stretch. Using these springlike legs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks.After battle, it rubs down its legs and loosens the muscles to overcome fatigue."
178,xatu,this Pokémon is known to stand motionless while staring at the sun all day long. Some people revere it as a mystical Pokémon out of their belief that this Pokémon is in possession of the power to see into the future.
257,blaziken,"Flames spout from its wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes."
110,weezing,"Where two kinds of poison gases meet, 2 KOFFINGscan fuse into a this Pokémon over many years."
76,golem,"It is said to live in volcanic craters on mountain peaks. Once a year, it sheds its hide and grows larger. The shed hide crumbles and returns to the soil."
51,dugtrio,"Its three heads bob separately up and down to loosen the soil nearby, making it easier for it to burrow."
568,trubbish,It gorges on trash until its stomach is full. Then it belches toxic gas. An unlucky whiff of gas will put a person in the hospital.
419,floatzel,"With its flotation sac inflated, it can carry people on its back. It deflates the sac before it dives."
110,weezing,"It grows by feeding on gases released by garbage. Though very rare, triplets have been found."
427,buneary,"When it senses danger, it perks up its ears. On cold nights, it sleeps with its head tucked into its fur."
135,jolteon,"this Pokémon’s cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur,enabling the POKéMON to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles."
810,grookey,"It attacks with rapid beats of its stick. As it strikes with amazing speed, it gets more and more pumped."
336,seviper,"In battle, it uses its bladed tail to counter any Zangoose. It secretes a deadly venom in its tail."
118,goldeen,"Although known for their splendid tail fins, this Pokémon apparently compete among themselves to see whose horn is thickest and sharpest."
90,shellder,It swims facing backward by opening and closing its two-piece shell. It is surprisingly fast.
552,krokorok,"The special membrane covering its eyes can sense the heat of objects, so it can see its surroundings even in darkness."
39,jigglypuff,Recordings of this Pokémon’s strange lullabies can be purchased from department stores. These CDs can be found near the bedding area.
62,poliwrath,"With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting."
281,kirlia,It has a psychic power that enables it to distort the space around it and see into the future.
475,gallade,"Because it can sense what its foe is thinking, its attacks burst out first, fast, and fierce."
563,cofagrigus,This Pokémon has a body of sparkling gold. People say it no longer remembers that it was once human.
514,simisear,"When it gets excited, embers rise from its head and tail and it gets hot. For some reason, it loves sweets."
261,poochyena,"A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted."
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It freezes water that is contained in winter air and makes it snow.
372,shelgon,"Covering this Pokémon’s body are outgrowths much like bones. The shell is very hard and bounces off enemy attacks. When awaiting evolution, this Pokémon hides away in a cavern."
158,totodile,It is small but rough and tough. It won’t hesitate to take a bite out of anything that moves.
376,metagross,It folds its four legs when flying. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer.
192,sunflora,"In the daytime, it rushes about in a hectic manner, but it comes to a complete stop when the sun sets."
796,xurkitree,"One of the mysterious life-forms known as Ultra Beasts. Astonishing electric shocks emanate from its entire body, according to witnesses."
592,frillish,"They paralyze prey with poison, then drag them down to their lairs, five miles below the surface."
63,abra,Using its psychic power is such a strain on its brain that it needs to sleep for 18 hours a day.
77,ponyta,"As a newborn, it can barely stand. However, through galloping, its legs are made tougher and faster."
583,vanillish,It conceals itself from enemy eyes by creating many small ice particles and hiding among them.
134,vaporeon,"Clean, clear waters are its usual habitat. When it’s about to be attacked by an invading enemy, it dives into the water to hide."
231,phanpy,It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
847,barraskewda,"It spins its tail fins to propel itself, surging forward at speeds of over 100 knots before ramming prey and spearing into them."
668,pyroar,"The males are usually lazy, but when attacked by a strong foe, a male will protect its friends with no regard for its own safety."
14,kakuna,"While awaiting evolution, it hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches."
56,mankey,"When it starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it’s a sure sign of anger. However, since this happens instantly, there is no time to flee."
549,lilligant,The fragrance of its flower differs slightly depending on the soil where it grew up. Sniffing the aroma calms your heart and mind.
680,doublade,"The complex attack patterns of its two swords are unstoppable, even for an opponent greatly accomplished at swordplay."
295,exploud,It has sound-generating organs all over its body. It communicates with others by adjusting the tone and volume of the cries it emits.
461,weavile,It lives in snowy regions. It carves patterns in trees with its claws as a signal to others.
876,indeedee,"Through its horns, it can pick up on the emotions of creatures around it. Positive emotions are the source of its strength."
361,snorunt,"In the snow country, certain folklore says a house will prosper if a this Pokémon lives there."
577,solosis,"Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they are fine in any environment, no matter how severe."
417,pachirisu,A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity.
63,abra,"Sleeps 18 hours a day. If it senses danger, it willteleport itself to safety even as it sleeps."
84,doduo,The brains in its two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power.
8,wartortle,"Its long, furry tail is a symbol of longevity,making it quite popular among older people."
631,heatmor,"Using their very hot, flame-covered tongues, they burn through Durant’s steel bodies and consume their insides."
130,gyarados,"They say that during past strife, this Pokémon would appear and leave blazing ruins in its wake."
174,igglybuff,"Its extremely flexible and elastic body makes it bounce continuously--anytime, anywhere."
210,granbull,"Because its fangs are too heavy, it always keeps itshead tilted down. However, its BITE is powerful."
91,cloyster,"If areas of this Pokémon’s very hard shell get damaged, those areas swell, gradually growing into large sharp spikes."
304,aron,It eats iron ore—and sometimes railroad tracks— to build up the steel armor that protects its body.
12,butterfree,"Water-repellent powder on its wings enables it to collect honey, even in the heaviest of rains."
128,tauros,"Once it takes aim at its foe, it makes a headlong charge. It is famous for its violent nature."
33,nidorino,"Quick to anger, it stabs enemies with its horn to inject a powerful poison when it becomes agitated."
60,poliwag,"For this Pokémon, swimming is easier than walking. The swirl pattern on its belly is actually part of the Pokémon’s innards showing through the skin."
477,dusknoir,It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
339,barboach,"this Pokémon’s body is covered with a slimy film. If a foe grabs it, this POKéMON just slips out of the enemy’sgrip. This POKéMON grows weak if the slimy coating dries up."
641,tornadus,The lower half of its body is wrapped in a cloud of energy. It zooms through the sky at 200 mph.
35,clefairy,It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of this Pokémon dancing under a full moon.
191,sunkern,"It may drop out of the sky suddenly. If attacked by aSPEAROW, it will violently shake its leaves."
538,throh,"When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild this Pokémon use vines to weave their own belts."
257,blaziken,"Flames spout from its wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes."
564,tirtouga,"This Pokémon inhabited ancient seas. Although it can only crawl, it still comes up onto land in search of prey."
206,dunsparce,"If spotted, it escapes by burrowing with its tail. It can float just slightly using its wings."
587,emolga,This Pokémon absolutely loves sweet berries. Sometimes it stuffs its cheeks full of so much food that it can’t fly properly.
583,vanillish,"Hot days cause its body to melt. It can be restored by refreezing it, but the process leaves its body slightly warped."
238,smoochum,"this Pokémon actively runs about, but also falls quite often. Whenever the chance arrives, it will look for its reflection to make sure its face hasn’t become dirty."
103,exeggutor,"Its three heads think independently. However, they are friendly and never appear to squabble."
772,type-null,It was modeled after a mighty Pokémon of myth. The mask placed upon it limits its power in order to keep it under control.
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
156,quilava,It intimidates foes with intense gusts of flames and superheated air. Its quick nimbleness lets it dodge attacks even while scorching an enemy.
112,rhydon,"this Pokémon has a horn that serves as a drill. It is used for destroying rocks and boulders. This Pokémon occasionally rams into streams of magma, but the armor-like hide prevents it from feeling the heat."
453,croagunk,"It makes frightening noises with its poison-filled cheek sacs. When opponents flinch, this Pokémon hits them with a poison jab."
225,delibird,It nests at the edge of sharp cliffs. It spendsall day carrying food to its await­ ing chicks.
216,teddiursa,It lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique.
112,rhydon,"Standing on its hind legs freed its forelegs and made it smarter. It is very forgetful, however."
469,yanmega,This six-legged Pokémon is easily capable of transporting an adult in flight. The wings on its tail help it stay balanced.
477,dusknoir,This feared Pokémon is said to travel to worlds unknown. Some even believe that it takes lost spirits along with it.
691,dragalge,this Pokémon generates dragon energy by sticking the plume on its head out above the ocean’s surface and bathing it in sunlight.
319,sharpedo,Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.”
122,mr-mime,Always practicing its pantomime act. It makes enemies believe something exists that really doesn’t.
605,elgyem,Rumors of its origin are linked to a UFO crash site in the desert 50 years ago.
437,bronzong,It brought rains by opening portals to another world. It was revered as a bringer of plentiful harvests.
47,parasect,A host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushroom has taken over the host bug. Prefers damp places. 
172,pichu,"The electric sacs in its cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked."
468,togekiss,It shares many blessings with people who respect one another’s rights and avoid needless strife.
207,gligar,"this Pokémon glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This POKéMON hangs on to the face ofits foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb."
712,bergmite,It blocks opponents’ attacks with the ice that shields its body. It uses cold air to repair any cracks with new ice.
200,misdreavus,"It loves to bite and yank people’s hair from behind without warning, just to see their shocked reactions."
105,marowak,"From its birth, this savage Pokémon constantly holds bones. It is skilled in using them as weapons."
7,squirtle,"The shell is soft when it is born. It soon becomes so resilient, prodding fingers will bounce off it."
604,eelektross,"With their sucker mouths, they suck in prey. Then they use their fangs to shock the prey with electricity."
413,wormadam,"When evolving, its body takes in surrounding materials. As a result, there are many body variations."
30,nidorina,"When it senses danger, it raises all the barbs on its body. These barbs grow slower than Nidorino’s."
550,basculin,Red- and blue-striped this Pokémon are very violent and always fighting. They are also remarkably tasty.
169,crobat,"Over the course of evolution, its hind legs turned into wings. By alternately resting its front and rear wings, it can fly all day without having to stop."
564,tirtouga,This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. It swam skillfully and dove to depths beyond half a mile.
61,poliwhirl,"Although it can live on land, it prefers to stay in the water, where it has fewer natural enemies."
663,talonflame,"Its tough wings don’t allow fire to pass through them. A long time ago, firefighters’ outfits were made from this Pokémon wings."
192,sunflora,It gets energy from warm sunlight and is known for its habit of moving in pursuit of it.
619,mienfoo,"It takes pride in the speed at which it can use moves. What it loses in power, it makes up for in quantity."
67,machoke,"Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a powersave belt to be able to regulate its motions."
537,seismitoad,"By putting power into its bumps, it creates vibrations and increases the power of its punches."
511,pansage,It’s good at finding berries and gathers them from all over. It’s kind enough to share them with friends.
160,feraligatr,"this Pokémon intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hardwith its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed."
171,lanturn,This Pokémon flashes a bright light that blinds its prey. This creates an opening for it to deliver an electrical attack.
157,typhlosion,this Pokémon obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames. This Pokémon creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.
40,wigglytuff,"this Pokémon’s body is very flexible. By inhaling deeply, this Pokémon can inflate itself seemingly without end. Once inflated, this Pokémon bounces along lightly like a balloon."
375,metang,"When two BELDUM fuse together, a magnetic nervous system places their brains in union."
466,electivire,"It pushes the tips of its two tails against the foe, then lets loose with over 20,000 volts of power."
46,paras,Growing out of the bug’s back are mushrooms called tochukaso. The mushrooms grow with the bug host.
431,glameow,It hides its spiteful tendency of hooking its claws into the nose of its Trainer if it isn’t fed.
486,regigigas,"It is said to have made Pokémon that look like itself from a special ice mountain, rocks, and magma."
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially developed to enable it to see clearly even in murky darkness and minimal light.
247,pupitar,"This troublesome Pokémon can’t wait to evolve, so it relieves its stress by wildly propelling itself around using compressed gas."
206,dunsparce,It digs into the ground with its tail and makes a mazelike nest. It can fly just a little.
809,melmetal,"Revered long ago for its capacity to create iron from nothing, for some reason it has come back to life after 3,000 years."
50,diglett,"Around their crops, farmers plant the kind of tree that this Pokémon like to eat as a way of getting this Pokémon to plow the fields for them."
189,jumpluff,"Once it catches the wind, it deftly controls its cotton-puff spores-- it can even float around the world."
325,spoink,"It bounces constantly, using its tail like a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating."
94,gengar,A this Pokémon is close by if you feel a sudden chill. It may be trying to lay a curse on you.
402,kricketune,It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib.
434,stunky,"From its rear, it sprays a foul-smelling liquid at opponents. It aims for their faces, and it can hit them from over 16 feet away."
290,nincada,this Pokémon lives underground for many years in complete darkness. This POKéMON absorbs nutrients fromthe roots of trees. It stays motionless as it waits for evolution.
617,accelgor,"When its body dries out, it weakens. So, to prevent dehydration, it wraps itself in many layers of thin membrane."
299,nosepass,Its magnetic nose consistently faces north. Travelers check this Pokémon to get their bearings.
147,dratini,Long considered a mythical POKéMON until recentlywhen a small colony was found living underwater.
352,kecleon,"this Pokémon alters its body coloration to blend in with its surroundings, allowing it to sneak up on its prey unnoticed. Then it lashes out with its long, stretchy tongue to instantly ensnare the unsuspecting target."
515,panpour,The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. Plants that receive its water grow large.
244,entei,"It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe."
422,shellos,"Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body, as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out."
126,magmar,Its body always burns with an orange glow that enables it to hide perfectly amidst flames.
76,golem,It detonates its own body. The power from that explosion can propel it up steep mountain paths with amazing speed.
280,ralts,"If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly."
134,vaporeon,this Pokémon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater. This Pokémon has the ability to freely control water.
371,bagon,"Although it is small, this POKéMON is very powerful because its body is a bundle of muscles. It launches head-butts with its ironlike skull."
620,mienshao,"When this Pokémon lets out a bizarre wail, you’re in danger. A flurry of kicks and chops too fast to see is about to be unleashed!"
81,magnemite,Uses antigravity to stay suspended. Appears without warning and uses THUNDER WAVE and similar moves.
41,zubat,It checks its surroundings and location using reflections of the ultrasonic waves from its mouth.
68,machamp,"this Pokémon is known as the POKéMON that has mastered every kind of martial arts. If it grabs hold of the foe with its fourarms, the battle is all but over. The hapless foe is thrown far over the horizon."
7,squirtle,Shoots water at prey while in the water. Withdraws into its shell when in danger.
346,cradily,It drags its heavy body along the seafloor. It makes its nest in the shallows of warm seas. this Pokémon can be seen on beaches when the tide goes out.
194,wooper,"this Pokémon usually lives in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food. On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film."
27,sandshrew,"When its skin gets wrinkled from moisture, it heads for a volcano. It lies flat on a spot with a lot of geothermal heat and dries itself out."
449,hippopotas,"It lives in arid places. Instead of perspiration, it expels grainy sand from its body."
51,dugtrio,"Its three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles."
63,abra,"this Pokémon sleeps for eighteen hours a day. However, it can sense the presence of foes even while it is sleeping.In such a situation, this POKéMON immediately teleports to safety."
126,magmar,"It dislikes cold places, so it blows scorching flames to make the environment suitable for itself."
489,phione,"It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted."
308,medicham,"Through crushingly harsh yoga training, it gained the power to foretell its foe’s actions. It battles with elegant, dance- like movement."
15,beedrill,It has three poison barbs. The barb on itstail secretes the most powerful poison.
720,hoopa,"This troublemaker sends anything and everything to faraway places using its loop, which can warp space."
430,honchkrow,"If one utters a deep cry, many MURKROW gather quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.”"
419,floatzel,Its flotation sac developed as a result of pursuing aquatic prey. It can double as a rubber raft.
565,carracosta,"It could knock out a foe with a slap from one of its developed front appendages and chew it up, shell or bones and all."
227,skarmory,"this Pokémon’s steel wings become tattered and bashed in from repeated battles. Once a year, the battered wings grow back completely, restoring the cutting edges to their pristine state."
239,elekid,It loves violent thunder. The space between its hornsflickers bluish- white when it is charging energy.
448,lucario,They can detect the species of a living being— and its emotions—from over half a mile away. They control auras and hunt their prey in packs.
50,diglett,"A Pokémon that lives underground. Because of its dark habitat, it is repelled by bright sunlight."
12,butterfree,"Its wings are covered in toxic scales. If it finds bird Pokémon going after Caterpie, this Pokémon sprinkles its scales on them to drive them off."
282,gardevoir,It will try to guard its trusted Trainer with its life. It has the ability to see the future.
26,raichu,"If the electric pouches in its cheeks become fully charged, both ears will stand straight up."
154,meganium,this Pokémon’s breath has the power to revive dead grass and plants. It can make them healthy again.
364,sealeo,It has a very sensitive nose. It touches new things with its nose to examine them.
368,gorebyss,"this Pokémon lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this Pokémon’s body is unharmed by ordinary attacks."
119,seaking,"In the autumn spawning season, they can be seen swimming powerfully up rivers and creeks."
608,lampent,"It lurks in cities, pretending to be a lamp. Once it finds someone whose death is near, it will trail quietly after them."
500,emboar,A flaring beard of fire is proof that it is fired up. It is adept at using many different moves.
266,silcoon,It wraps silk around the branches of a tree. It drinks rainwater on its silk while awaiting evolution.
301,delcatty,It is highly popular among female Trainers for its sublime fur. It does not keep a nest.
425,drifloon,It is whispered that any child who mistakes this Pokémon for a balloon and holds on to it could wind up missing.
379,registeel,"Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched."
47,parasect,The bug host is drained of energy by the mushroomson its back. They appear to do all the thinking.
24,arbok,"This POKéMON has a terrifically strong constricting power. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once it wraps its body around its foe, escaping is impossible."
52,meowth,Adores circular objects. Wanders the streets on anightly basis to look for dropped loose change.
518,musharna,The dream mist coming from its forehead changes into many different colors depending on the dream that was eaten.
562,yamask,These Pokémon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves. Each retains memories of its former life.
178,xatu,This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun’s movement all day.
445,garchomp,"It is said that when one runs at high speed, its wings create blades of wind that can fell nearby trees."
406,budew,"Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen."
730,primarina,"With its mouth, it makes sonic waves that sound like beautiful singing. It uses the sonic waves to control its water balloons."
369,relicanth,"This Pokémon was discovered during deep-sea exploration. Its appearance hasn’t changed in 100,000,000 years, so it’s called a living fossil."
85,dodrio,Watch out if this Pokémon’s three heads are looking in three separate directions. It’s a sure sign that it is on its guard. Don’t go near this Pokémon if it’s being wary—it may decide to peck you.
467,magmortar,"When shooting 3,600 degree F fireballs from its arms, its body takes on a whitish hue from the intense heat."
554,darumaka,"This popular symbol of good fortune will never fall over in its sleep, no matter how it’s pushed or pulled."
187,hoppip,"Its body is so light, it must grip the ground firmly with its feet to keep from being blown away."
108,lickitung,"Its tongue has well-developed nerves that run to the very tip, so it can be deftly manipulated."
202,wobbuffet,It desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret.
455,carnivine,It binds itself to trees in marshes. It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling drool and gulps them down.
635,hydreigon,"It responds to movement by attacking. This scary, three-headed Pokémon devours everything in its path!"
523,zebstrika,"When this ill-tempered Pokémon runs wild, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions."
321,wailord,"The biggest of all Pokémon. It can dive to a depth of almost 10,000 feet on only one breath."
495,snivy,Being exposed to sunlight makes its movements swifter. It uses vines more adeptly than its hands.
2,ivysaur,"When the bud on its back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower’s coming bloom."
442,spiritomb,All this Pokémon’s mischief and misdeeds compelled a traveler to use a mysterious spell to bind this Pokémon to an odd keystone.
545,scolipede,"With quick movements, it chases down its foes, attacking relentlessly with its horns until it prevails."
601,klinklang,The minigear spins at high speed. Then the energy from the red core charges the minigear to make it ready to fire.
248,tyranitar,The quakes caused when it walks make even great mountains crumble and change the surrounding terrain.
448,lucario,A well-trained one can sense auras to identify and take in the feelings of creatures over half a mile away.
461,weavile,"They dwell in cold places. This Pokémon’s main food source in Alola is Vulpix and Sandshrew, which they carefully divide among their group."
513,pansear,"Very intelligent, it roasts berries before eating them. It likes to help people."
92,gastly,"Its body is made of gas. Despite lacking substance, it can envelop an opponent of any size and cause suffocation."
647,keldeo,"It crosses the world, running over the surfaces of oceans and rivers. It appears at scenic waterfronts."
567,archeops,"They are intelligent and will cooperate to catch prey. From the ground, they use a running start to take flight."
372,shelgon,"Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves."
769,sandygast,Grudges of the dead have possessed a mound of sand and become a Pokémon. this Pokémon is fond of the shovel on its head.
266,silcoon,"Having wrapped silk around the branches of a tree, it quiescently awaits evolution."
461,weavile,It lives in snowy regions. It carves patterns in trees with its claws as a signal to others.
657,frogadier,"It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away."
270,lotad,It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can’t swim.
439,mime-jr,"When this gifted mimic surprises an opponent, Mime Jr. feels so happy that it ends up forgetting it was imitating something."
175,togepi,A proverb claims that happiness will come to anyone who can make a sleeping this Pokémon stand up.
446,munchlax,It conceals food under the long fur on its body. It carts around this food stash and swallows it without chewing.
302,sableye,"This Pokémon is feared. When its gemstone eyes begin to glow with a sinister shine, it’s believed that this Pokémon will steal people’s spirits away."
188,skiploom,It blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible.
387,turtwig,Photosynthesis occurs across its body under the sun. The shell on its back is actually hardened soil.
565,carracosta,They can live both in the ocean and on land. A slap from one of them is enough to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker.
298,azurill,Its tail is packed full of the nutrients it needs to grow.
684,swirlix,"Because it eats nothing but sweets, its fur is as sticky sweet as cotton candy."
137,porygon,A POKéMON that consists entirely of programming code. It is capable of moving freely in cyberspace.
66,machop,"Always brimming with power, it passes time by lifting boulders. Doing so makes it even stronger."
622,golett,These Pokémon are thought to have been created by the science of an ancient and mysterious civilization.
596,galvantula,"They employ an electrically charged web to trap their prey. While it is immobilized by shock, they leisurely consume it."
735,gumshoos,"It adores having Rattata and Raticate for dinner, but as it’s diurnal, it never encounters them. This Pokémon boasts incredible patience."
258,mudkip,"In water, this Pokémon breathes using the gills on its cheeks. If it is faced with a tight situation inbattle, this POKéMON will unleash its amazing power - it can crush rocks bigger than itself."
15,beedrill,"this Pokémon is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest—this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm."
667,litleo,"When they’re young, they live with a pride. Once they’re able to hunt prey on their own, they’re kicked out and have to make their own way."
420,cherubi,"The small ball is not only filled with nutrients, it is also tasty. Starly try to peck it off."
712,bergmite,"Using air of -150 degrees Fahrenheit, they freeze opponents solid. They live in herds above the snow line on mountains."
567,archeops,"Although apparently able to fly, they tended to run along the ground, averaging speeds of roughly 25 mph."
220,swinub,this Pokémon roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under the cover of dead grass. This Pokémon occasionally roots out hot springs.
200,misdreavus,"this Pokémon frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. The POKéMON apparently uses its red spheres toabsorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition."
358,chimecho,Its cries echo inside its hollow body to emerge as beautiful notes for startling and repelling foes.
155,cyndaquil,"It is timid and always curls itself up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection."
90,shellder,Grains of sand trapped in its shells mix with its body fluids to form beautiful pearls.
6,charizard,Spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders.Known to cause forest fires unintentionally.
88,grimer,It was born when sludge in a dirty stream was exposed to the moon’s X-rays. It appears among filth.
243,raikou,It is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back.
48,venonat,Lives in the shadows of tall trees where iteats insects. It is attracted by light at night.
124,jynx,It seductively wiggles its hips as it walks. It can cause people to dance in unison with it.
389,torterra,Small Pokémon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests.
826,orbeetle,It emits psychic energy to observe and study what’s around it—and what’s around it can include things over six miles away.
229,houndoom,"The flames it breathes when angry contain toxins. If they cause a burn, it will hurt forever."
689,barbaracle,"this Pokémon’s legs and hands have minds of their own, and they will move independently. But they usually follow the head’s orders."
162,furret,"A this Pokémon has a very slim build. When under attack, it can squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, it is very nimble and fleet."
40,wigglytuff,"Its body is full of elasticity. By inhaling deeply,it can continue to inflate itself without limit."
442,spiritomb,Its constant mischief and misdeeds resulted in it being bound to an Odd Keystone by a mysterious spell.
278,wingull,this Pokémon has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding them in all sorts of locations.This POKéMON rides the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky.
61,poliwhirl,The spiral pattern on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it gradually causes drowsiness.
493,arceus,"According to the legends of Sinnoh, this Pokémon emerged from an egg and shaped all there is in this world."
157,typhlosion,It attacks using blasts of fire. It creates heat shimmers with intense fire to hide itself.
287,slakoth,It spends nearly all its time in a day sprawled out. Just seeing it makes one drowsy.
17,pidgeotto,"this Pokémon claims a large area as its own territory. This POKéMON flies around, patrolling its living space.If its territory is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws."
219,magcargo,"Its body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees F. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell."
318,carvanha,They swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls.
34,nidoking,"It uses its powerful tail in battle to smash,constrict, then break the prey's bones."
381,latios,"A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes."
230,kingdra,It is said that it usually hides in underwater caves. It can create whirlpools by yawning.
156,quilava,Be careful if it turns its back during battle. It means that it will attack with the fire on its back.
277,swellow,A this Pokémon dives upon prey from far above. It never misses its targets. It takes to the skies in search of lands with a warm climate.
211,qwilfish,The small spikes covering its body developed from scales. They inject a toxin that causes fainting.
216,teddiursa,It always licks honey. Its palm tastes sweetbecause of all the honey it has absorbed.
16,pidgey,"Common in grassy areas and forests, it is very docile and will chase off enemies by flapping up sand."
241,miltank,"This Pokémon needs to be milked every day, or else it will fall ill. The flavor of this Pokémon milk changes with the seasons."
399,bidoof,A comparison revealed that this Pokémon’s front teeth grow at the same rate as Rattata’s.
440,happiny,"Usually it’s a well-behaved Pokémon, but if you take its round rock away, it will cry and fuss and throw a big old tantrum."
348,armaldo,this Pokémon adapted from living in water to living on land. It has been determined that it is the ancestor of some bug Pokémon.
359,absol,"It appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom-bringer."
129,magikarp,"Its swimming muscles are weak, so it is easily washed away by currents. In places where water pools, you can see many this Pokémon deposited there by the flow."
694,helioptile,The sun powers this Pokémon’s electricity generation. Interruption of that process stresses this Pokémon to the point of weakness.
220,swinub,"If it smells something enticing, it dashes off headlong to find the source of the aroma."
629,vullaby,"Its wings are too tiny to allow it to fly. As the time approaches for it to evolve, it discards the bones it was wearing."
228,houndour,this Pokémon hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokémon’s remarkable teamwork is unparalleled.
532,timburr,this Pokémon that have started carrying logs that are about three times their size are nearly ready to evolve.
66,machop,this Pokémon’s muscles are special—they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise. This Pokémon has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans.
369,relicanth,"Discovered by chance during deep-sea explorations, it has not changed since ancient times."
6,charizard,"Breathing intense, hot flames, it can melt almost anything. Its breath inflicts terrible pain on enemies."
444,gabite,It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves and hoards the loot in its nest.
486,regigigas,It’s said that this Pokémon created other Pokémon from many different materials before it moved the continents to where they are today.
154,meganium,The aroma that rises from its petals contains a substance that calms aggressive feelings.
38,ninetales,Its nine tails are said to be imbued with a mystic power. It can live for a thousand years.
216,teddiursa,"If it finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It always licks its paws because they’re soaked with honey."
643,reshiram,This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with fire. It helps those who want to build a world of truth.
362,glalie,It prevents prey from escaping by instantaneously freezing moisture in the air.
306,aggron,"While seeking iron for food, it digs tunnels by breaking through bedrock with its steel horns."
57,primeape,"It has been known to become so angry that it dies as a result. Its face looks peaceful in death, however."
246,larvitar,"A Pokémon that eats soil. Once it has eaten a large mountain, it goes to sleep so it can grow."
569,garbodor,"Beware the poisonous liquid it shoots from its right arm. If even a little of it gets on you, you’ll experience the effects of the unidentified toxin."
232,donphan,"Because this POKéMON's skin is so tough, a normalattack won't even leave a scratch on it."
749,mudbray,Loads weighing up to 50 times as much as its own body weight pose no issue for this Pokémon. It’s skilled at making use of mud.
79,slowpoke,"this Pokémon uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river.However, this POKéMON often forgets what it’s doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water’s edge."
263,zigzagoon,"It gets interested in everything, which is why it zigs and zags. It is good at finding items."
568,trubbish,"If a young Pokémon or child breathes in the toxic gas that this Pokémon belches out, it could be a life-threatening situation."
477,dusknoir,It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
233,porygon2,"It was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets. However, it failed to measure up."
59,arcanine,This legendary Chinese POKEMON is considered magnif­icent. Many people are enchanted by its grand mane.
406,budew,"Sensitive to changing temperature, the bud is said to bloom when it feels the sun’s warm touch."
364,sealeo,"this Pokémon live on top of drift ice. They go swimming when they’re on the hunt, seeking out their prey by scent."
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon are said to have identical spot patterns on their hides. This Pokémon moves in a curious manner as if it is stumbling in dizziness. Its lurching movements can cause the opponent to become confused.
376,metagross,"With four linked brains, it’s more intelligent than a supercomputer, and it uses calculations to analyze foes."
129,magikarp,It is virtually worthless in terms of both power and speed. It is the most weak and pathetic POKéMON in the world.
227,skarmory,The feathers that it sheds are very sharp. It is saidthat people once used the feathers as swords.
113,chansey,"this Pokémon lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis. The eggs are so delicious, they are easily and eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite."
715,noivern,The ultrasonic waves it emits from its ears can reduce a large boulder to pebbles. It swoops out of the dark to attack.
365,walrein,It swims through icy seas while shattering ice floes with its large tusks. It is protected by its thick blubber.
414,mothim,It flutters around at night and steals honey from the COMBEE hive.
21,spearow,"this Pokémon has a very loud cry that can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger."
372,shelgon,"this Pokémon lives deep within caves. It stays shut up in its hard shell, dreaming of the day it will be able to fly."
715,noivern,This hot-blooded Pokémon attacks anything it sees with ultrasonic waves that can crush boulders.
420,cherubi,"The small ball holds the nutrients needed for evolution. Apparently, it is very sweet and tasty."
101,electrode,It is known to drift on winds if it is bloated to bursting with stored electricity.
671,florges,"In times long past, governors of castles would invite this Pokémon to create flower gardens to embellish the castle domains."
480,uxie,Known as “The Being of Knowledge.” It is said that it can wipe out the memory of those who see its eyes.
606,beheeyem,"Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three fingers, but those patterns haven’t been decoded."
384,rayquaza,It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
10,caterpie,It releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly.
478,froslass,It spits out cold air of nearly −60 degrees Fahrenheit to freeze its quarry. It brings frozen prey back to its lair and neatly lines them up.
247,pupitar,"Its body is as hard as bedrock. By venting pressurized gas, it can launch itself like a rocket."
560,scrafty,"It pulls up its shed skin to protect itself while it kicks. The bigger the crest, the more respected it is."
422,shellos,"Its shape and coloration vary, depending on its habitat."
130,gyarados,"Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, it is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage."
441,chatot,It keeps rhythm by flicking its tail feathers like a metronome. It imitates human speech.
450,hippowdon,Its huge mouth is almost seven feet across. It has enough power to completely crush a car.
226,mantine,"It swims along freely, eating things that swiminto its mouth. Its whole body is very coarse."
580,ducklett,"They are better at swimming than flying, and they happily eat their favorite food, peat moss, as they dive underwater."
786,tapu-lele,It heals the wounds of people and Pokémon by sprinkling them with its sparkling scales. This guardian deity is worshiped on Akala.
125,electabuzz,It windmills its arms to slightly boost its punches. Foes have been known to escape in the meantime.
330,flygon,It hides itself by kicking up desert sand with its wings. Red covers shield its eyes from sand.
398,staraptor,The muscles in its wings and legs are strong. It can easily fly while gripping a small Pokémon.
53,persian,"Behind its lithe, elegant appearance lies a barbaricside. It will tear apart its prey on a mere whim."
521,unfezant,Males have plumage on their heads. They will never let themselves feel close to anyone other than their Trainers.
33,nidorino,"It raises its big ears to check its surroundings. Ifit senses any­ thing, it attacks immediately."
475,gallade,"True to its honorable-warrior image, it uses the blades on its elbows only in defense of something or someone."
275,shiftry,"By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 ft/second that can level houses."
146,moltres,This legendary Pokémon scatters embers with every flap of its wings. It is a thrilling sight to behold.
24,arbok,The pattern on its belly is for intimidation. It constricts foes while they are frozen in fear.
122,mr-mime,Always practices its pantomime act. It makes enemiesbelieve something exists that really doesn't.
176,togetic,"To share its happiness, it flies around the world seeking kind- hearted people."
420,cherubi,"Sunlight colors it red. When the small ball is drained of nutrients, it shrivels to herald evolution."
624,pawniard,They fight at Bisharp’s command. They cling to their prey and inflict damage by sinking their blades into it.
182,bellossom,"When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open."
268,cascoon,"If it is attacked, this Pokémon remains motionless however badly it may be hurt. It does so because if it were tomove, its body would be weak upon evolution. This POKéMON will also not forget the pain it endured."
88,grimer,this Pokémon emerged from the sludge that settled on a polluted seabed. This POKéMON loves anything filthy.It constantly leaks a horribly germ- infested fluid from all over its body.
210,granbull,It can make most any Pokémon run away simply by opening its mouth wide to reveal its big fangs.
411,bastiodon,"When they lined up side by side, no foe could break through. They shielded their young in that way."
236,tyrogue,"Even though it is small, it can't be ignored becauseit will slug any handy target with­ out warning."
265,wurmple,"It loves to eat leaves. If it is attacked by a STARLY, it will defend itself with its spiked rear."
78,rapidash,"With incredible acceleration, it reaches its top speed of 150 mph after running just 10 steps."
347,anorith,It is a kind of Pokémon progenitor. It uses its extending claws to catch prey hiding among rocks on the seafloor.
124,jynx,"Appears to move to a rhythm of its own, as if it were dancing. It wiggles its hips as it walks."
25,pikachu,This POKéMON has electricity-storing pouches on its cheeks. These appear to become electrically charged during thenight while this Pokémon sleeps. It occasionally discharges electricity when it is dozy after waking up.
22,fearow,It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
267,beautifly,"Despite its appearance, it has an aggressive nature. It attacks by jabbing with its long, thin mouth."
479,rotom,Its body is composed of plasma. It is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc.
108,lickitung,"When it extends its over-six-foot- long tongue, its tail quivers. There is a possibility they are connected."
442,spiritomb,It was bound to a fissure in an odd keystone as punishment for misdeeds 500 years ago.
240,magby,"When flames drip from its nose, that means it has a cold. Have it lie down for a nice rest in some magma."
138,omanyte,"It was restored from an ancient fossil. Those Helix Fossils are excavated from areas that were once oceans long, long ago."
64,kadabra,"It stares at a silver spoon to amplify its psychic powers before it lets loose. Apparently, gold spoons are no good."
10,caterpie,"For protection, it releases a horrible stench from the antenna on its head to drive away enemies."
10,caterpie,It crawls into foliage where it camouflages itselfamong leaves that are the same color as its body.
700,sylveon,"Its ribbonlike feelers give off an aura that weakens hostility in its prey, causing them to let down their guard. Then it attacks."
170,chinchou,It discharges positive and negative electricity from its antenna tips to shock its foes.
95,onix,It burrows through the ground at a speed of 50 mph while feeding on large boulders.
119,seaking,"In autumn, its body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate. It takes on beautiful colors."
752,araquanid,"It has a habit of storing things it values in its water bubble. If its Trainer doesn’t watch out, this Pokémon will try to put them in its bubble!"
181,ampharos,The bright light on its tail can be seen far away. It has been treasured since ancient times as a beacon.
77,ponyta,Its legs grow strong while it chases after its parent. It runs in fields and mountains all day.
217,ursaring,"In the forests inhabited by this Pokémon, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where theygather food. This POKéMON walks through its forest gathering food every day."
312,minun,this Pokémon is more concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in its body to create brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates.
158,totodile,This rough critter chomps at any moving object itsees. Turning your back on it is not recommended.
172,pichu,"Despite its small size, it can zap even adult humans. However, if it does so, it also surprises itself."
244,entei,"This brawny POKéMON courses around the earth,spouting flames hotter than a volcano's magma."
681,aegislash,"Apparently, it can detect the innate qualities of leadership. According to legend, whoever it recognizes is destined to become king."
341,corphish,"Individuals that have been set free by Trainers who could no longer raise them have become common, and they can now be found in Alola."
439,mime-jr,It mimics the expressions and motions of those it sees to understand the feelings of others.
189,jumpluff,"Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes."
17,pidgeotto,"this Pokémon claims a large area as its own territory. This Pokémon flies around, patrolling its living space. If its territory is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws."
86,seel,Loves freezing-cold conditions. Relishes swimming in a frigid climate of around 14 degrees Fahrenheit.
313,volbeat,It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves ILLUMISE’s sweet aroma.
1,bulbasaur,"this Pokémon can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back.By soaking up the sun’s rays, the seed grows progressively larger."
231,phanpy,It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
644,zekrom,This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with lightning. It assists those who want to build an ideal world.
612,haxorus,"Its tusks are incredibly destructive. They can easily slice through a thick, sturdy steel column every time."
195,quagsire,"It has a sluggish nature. It lies at the river’s bottom, waiting for prey to stray into its mouth."
82,magneton,Formed by several MAGNEMITE linked together. They frequently appear when sunspots flare up.
245,suicune,It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
413,wormadam,"When Burmy evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokémon’s body. The cloak is never shed."
745,lycanroc,"Its quick movements confuse its enemies. Well equipped with claws and fangs, it also uses the sharp rocks in its mane as weapons."
77,ponyta,"Its body is light, and its legs are incredibly powerful. It can clear Ayers Rock in one leap."
366,clamperl,"When it evolves, it makes a mysterious pearl that amplifies psychic powers when it’s held."
54,psyduck,It has mystical powers but doesn’t recall that it has used them. That is why it always looks puzzled.
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can’t help breaking out into a dance."
369,relicanth,A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.
425,drifloon,"A Pokémon formed by the spirits of people and Pokémon. It loves damp, humid seasons."
133,eevee,A rare Pokémon that adapts to harsh environments by taking on different evolutionary forms.
209,snubbull,"Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute."
549,lilligant,"The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect, but taking care of it is very difficult."
682,spritzee,It emits a scent that enraptures those who smell it. This fragrance changes depending on what it has eaten.
268,cascoon,"It never forgets any attack it endured while in the cocoon. After evolution, it seeks payback."
130,gyarados,"Once it begins to rampage, a this Pokémon will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm."
699,aurorus,"The diamond-shaped crystals on its body expel air as cold as -240 degrees Fahrenheit, surrounding its enemies and encasing them in ice."
248,tyranitar,"Its body can’t be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies."
286,breloom,"The seeds on its tail are made of toxic spores. It knocks out foes with quick, virtually invisible punches."
28,sandslash,"Adept at climbing trees, it rolls into a spiny ball,then attacks its enemies from above."
60,poliwag,The swirl on its belly is its insides showingthrough the skin. It looks clearer after it eats.
236,tyrogue,"It is always bursting with energy. To make itself stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses."
205,forretress,"this Pokémon conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell. The shell is opened when the POKéMON is catching prey,but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell’s inside cannot be seen."
370,luvdisc,It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
373,salamence,"Thanks to its fervent wishes, the cells in its body finally mutated, and at last it has its heart’s desire—wings."
79,slowpoke,"A sweet sap leaks from its tail's tip. Although notnutritious, the tail is pleasant to chew on."
430,honchkrow,"If one utters a deep cry, many Murkrow gather quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.”"
174,igglybuff,"It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop."
463,lickilicky,The long tongue is always soggy with slobber. The saliva contains a solvent that causes numbness.
625,bisharp,This pitiless Pokémon commands a group of Pawniard to hound prey into immobility. It then moves in to finish the prey off.
444,gabite,It habitually digs up and hoards gems in its nest. Its loot is constantly targeted by thieves.
59,arcanine,Its magnificent bark conveys a sense of majesty. Anyone hearing it can’t help but grovel before it.
22,fearow,It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
158,totodile,It has the habit of biting anything with its developed jaws. Even its Trainer needs to be careful.
189,jumpluff,"Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes."
314,illumise,"With its sweet aroma, it guides VOLBEAT to draw signs with light in the night sky."
318,carvanha,"this Pokémon attack ships in swarms, making them sink. Although it is said to be a very vicious POKéMON, it timidly flees as soon as it finds itself alone."
335,zangoose,"this Pokémon usually stays on all fours, but when angered, it gets up on its hind legs and extends its claws.This POKéMON shares a bitter rivalry with SEVIPER that dates back over generations."
126,magmar,"When it’s tired, it leaps into the mouth of a volcano and soaks its body in magma to ease its weariness. Its body burns at 2,192 degrees F."
4,charmander,"The fire on the tip of its tail is a measure of its life. If healthy, its tail burns intensely."
257,blaziken,"Flames spout from its wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes."
106,hitmonlee,The legs freely contract and stretch. The stretchy legs allow it to hit a distant foe with a rising kick.
53,persian,"A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk."
123,scyther,The sharp scythes on its forearms become increasingly sharp by cutting through hard objects.
608,lampent,"This ominous Pokémon is feared. Through cities it wanders, searching for the spirits of the fallen."
52,meowth,It loves shiny things. It often fights with Murkrow over prey they’re both trying to catch.
687,malamar,"It wields the most compelling hypnotic powers of any Pokémon, and it forces others to do whatever it wants."
156,quilava,It intimidates foes with the heat of its flames. The fire burns more strongly when it readies to fight.
238,smoochum,It always rocks its head slowly backwards and forwards as if it is trying to kiss someone.
71,victreebel,"this Pokémon has a long vine that extends from its head. This vine is waved and flicked about as if it werean animal to attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this POKéMON swallows it whole."
263,zigzagoon,"It gets interested in everything, which is why it zigs and zags. It is good at finding items."
222,corsola,The points on its head absorb nutrients fromclean water. They cannot survive in polluted water.
284,masquerain,"this Pokémon’s antennas have eyelike patterns that usually give it an angry look. If the “eyes” are droopy and appear sad, it is said to be a sign that a heavy rainfall is on its way."
21,spearow,"this Pokémon has a very loud cry that can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heardechoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger."
714,noibat,Fruits are its favorite foods. This gourmet carefully picks out just the ripe ones using its sonar.
631,heatmor,"Using their very hot, flame-covered tongues, they burn through Durant’s steel bodies and consume their insides."
103,exeggutor,Each of this Pokémon’s three heads is thinking different thoughts. The three don’t seem to be very interested in one another.
22,fearow,"It shoots itself suddenly high into the sky, thenplummets down in one fell swoop to strike its prey."
241,miltank,"Its milk is packed with nutrition, making it theultimate beverage for the sick or weary."
700,sylveon,"By releasing enmity-erasing waves from its ribbonlike feelers, this Pokémon stops any conflict."
302,sableye,this Pokémon digs the ground with sharpened claws to find rocks that it eats. Substances in the eaten rocks crystallize and rise up to the Pokémon’s body surface.
276,taillow,It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
227,skarmory,"Its sturdy wings look heavy, but its bones are hollow and light, allowing it to fly freely in the sky."
493,arceus,It is said to have emerged from an egg in a place where there was nothing then shaped the world.
703,carbink,It has slept underground for hundreds of millions of years since its birth. It’s occasionally found during the excavation of caves.
515,panpour,The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. It waters plants with it using its tail.
213,shuckle,It stores berries in its shell. The berries eventually ferment to become delicious juices.
336,seviper,"For many generations, it has feuded with Zangoose. It whets its bladed tail on rocks for battle."
66,machop,Very powerful in spite of its small size. Its masteryof many types of martial arts makes it very tough.
610,axew,These Pokémon nest in the ground and use their tusks to crush hard berries. Crushing berries is also how they test each other’s strength.
314,illumise,A nocturnal POKéMON that becomes active upon nightfall. It leads a VOLBEAT swarm to draw patterns in the night sky. Over 200 different patterns have been confirmed.
60,poliwag,Its slick black skin is thin and damp. A part of its internal organs can be seen through the skin as a spiral pattern.
124,jynx,"this Pokémon walks rhythmically, swaying and shaking its hips as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring,people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without giving any thought to what they are doing."
494,victini,"When it shares the infinite energy it creates, that being’s entire body will be overflowing with power."
80,slowbro,"When a SLOWPOKE went hunting in the sea, its tail was bitten by a SHELLDER. That made it evolve into this Pokémon."
142,aerodactyl,This is a ferocious Pokémon from ancient times. Apparently even modern technology is incapable of producing a perfectly restored specimen.
190,aipom,"It lives atop tall trees. When leaping from branch to branch, it deftly uses its tail for balance."
226,mantine,"While elegantly swimming in the sea, it ignores Remoraid that cling to its fins seeking food scraps."
492,shaymin,The flowers all over its body burst into bloom if it is lovingly hugged and senses gratitude.
706,goodra,"An amazingly friendly Pokémon, but if left to itself, loneliness overcomes it, and it oozes gooey tears."
474,porygon-z,"Additional software was installed to make it a better Pokémon. It began acting oddly, however."
565,carracosta,Its jaws are terrifyingly powerful. It could eat Omastar and Omanyte whole and not be bothered in the slightest by their shells.
609,chandelure,"It absorbs a spirit, which it then burns. By waving the flames on its arms, it puts its foes into a hypnotic trance."
197,umbreon,"When darkness falls, the rings on the body begin to glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby."
41,zubat,"While flying, it constantly emits ultrasonic wavesfrom its mouth to check its sur­ roundings."
305,lairon,It habitually shows off its strength with the size of sparks it creates by ramming its steel body into boulders.
497,serperior,It can stop its opponents’ movements with just a glare. It takes in solar energy and boosts it internally.
386,deoxys,An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon.
687,malamar,"It lures its prey close with hypnotic motions, then wraps its tentacles around it before finishing it off with digestive fluids."
504,patrat,"Extremely cautious, one of them will always be on the lookout, but it won’t notice a foe coming from behind."
644,zekrom,This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with lightning. It assists those who want to build an ideal world.
31,nidoqueen,Its hard scales provide strong protection. It uses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves.
78,rapidash,"It just loves to gallop. The faster it goes, the long­er the swaying flames of its mane will become."
675,pangoro,"Using its leaf, this Pokémon can predict the moves of its opponents. It strikes with punches that can turn a dump truck into scrap with just one hit."
89,muk,"Smells so awful, it can cause fainting. Through degeneration of its nose, it lost its sense of smell."
667,litleo,"This hot-blooded Pokémon is filled with curiosity. When it gets angry or starts fighting, its short mane gets hot."
186,politoed,"Whenever three or more of these get together, they sing in a loud voice that sounds like bellowing."
358,chimecho,It uses the sucker on its head to hang from a tree or from eaves. It can produce seven different tones.
854,sinistea,"This Pokémon is said to have been born when a lonely spirit possessed a cold, leftover cup of tea."
21,spearow,"It flaps its small wings busily to fly. Using its beak, it searches in grass for prey."
8,wartortle,"Its large tail is covered with rich, thick fur that deepens in color with age. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this POKéMON’s toughness in battle."
303,mawile,"It uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws."
402,kricketune,There is a village that hosts a contest based on the amazingly variable cries of this Pokémon.
68,machamp,It quickly swings its four arms to rock its opponents with ceaseless punches and chops from all angles.
32,nidoran-m,It scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection.
23,ekans,this Pokémon curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. Assuming this position allows it toquickly respond to a threat from any direction with a glare from its upraised head.
331,cacnea,It prefers harsh environments such as deserts. It can survive for 30 days on water stored in its body.
724,decidueye,"Although basically cool and cautious, when it’s caught by surprise, it’s seized by panic."
67,machoke,"this Pokémon’s thoroughly toned muscles possess the hardness of steel. This POKéMON has so much strength,it can easily hold aloft a sumo wrestler on just one finger."
6,charizard,"this Pokémon flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself."
172,pichu,"The electric sacs in its cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked."
550,basculin,"In the past, it often appeared on the dinner table. The meat of red-striped this Pokémon is on the fatty side, and it’s more popular with the youth."
382,kyogre,"this Pokémon is said to be the personification of the sea itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Groudon, as each sought to gain the power of nature."
590,foongus,"It lures people in with its Poké Ball pattern, then releases poison spores. Why it resembles a Poké Ball is unknown."
160,feraligatr,"this Pokémon intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed."
360,wynaut,"this Pokémon gather on moonlit nights to play by squeezing up against each other. By being squeezed, this POKéMON gainsendurance and is trained to dole out powerful counterattacks."
50,diglett,"Its skin is very thin. If it is exposed to light,its blood heats up, causing it to grow weak."
251,celebi,"When this Pokémon disap­ pears deep in a forest, it is saidto leave behind an egg it brought from the future."
640,virizion,"Its head sprouts horns as sharp as blades. Using whirlwind-like movements, it confounds and swiftly cuts opponents."
294,loudred,"It shouts loudly by inhaling air, and then uses its well-developed stomach muscles to exhale."
296,makuhita,"this Pokémon is tenacious - it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down.Every time it gets back up, this POKéMON stores more energy in its body for evolving."
143,snorlax,"Its stomach can digest any kind of food, even if it happens to be moldy or rotten."
285,shroomish,It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
486,regigigas,"It is believed to have shaped REGIROCK, REGICE, and REGISTEEL out of clay, ice, and magma."
417,pachirisu,It makes electricity with pouches in its cheeks and shoots charges from its tail. It lives atop trees.
466,electivire,"Heedless of enemy attacks, it closes in, shoves its tails onto the foe, then looses high voltage."
114,tangela,"Hidden beneath a tangle of vines that grows nonstop even if the vines are torn off, this Pokémon’s true appearance remains a mystery."
738,vikavolt,It has an organ that generates electricity in its abdomen. It concentrates energy in its strong jaws and fires off powerful jolts of electricity.
508,stoutland,It rescues people stranded by blizzards in the mountains. Its shaggy fur shields it from the cold.
538,throh,"When it encounters a foe bigger than itself, it wants to throw it. It changes belts as it gets stronger."
282,gardevoir,"this Pokémon has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its TRAINER, this POKéMON is said tounleash its psychokinetic energy at full power."
113,chansey,"People try to catch it for its extremelynutritious eggs, but it rarely can be found."
719,diancie,It can instantly create many diamonds by compressing the carbon in the air between its hands.
450,hippowdon,It brandishes its gaping mouth in a display of fearsome strength. It raises vast quantities of sand while attacking.
231,phanpy,"It swings its long snout around playfully, but because it is so strong, that can be dangerous."
351,castform,"Temperature and weather affect its cellular structure, so this Pokémon changes form according to the weather."
71,victreebel,"It pools in its mouth a fluid with a honeylike scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything."
426,drifblim,"At dusk, swarms of them are carried aloft on winds. When noticed, they suddenly vanish."
547,whimsicott,"Like the wind, it can slip through any gap, no matter how small. It leaves balls of white fluff behind."
308,medicham,"Through the power of meditation, this Pokémon developed its sixth sense. It gained the ability to use psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon is known to meditate for a whole month without eating."
173,cleffa,"If the impact site of a meteorite is found, thisPOKéMON is certain to be within the immediate area."
344,claydol,An ancient clay figurine that came to life as a Pokémon from exposure to a mysterious ray of light.
50,diglett,"Its skin is very thin. If it is exposed to light, its blood heats up, causing it to grow weak."
252,treecko,"The soles of its feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings."
88,grimer,"It was born from sludge on the ocean floor. In a sterile environment, the germs within its body can’t multiply, and it dies."
64,kadabra,"Many odd things happen if this Pokémon is close by. For example, it makes clocks run backward."
318,carvanha,They form packs to attack boats and rip out their hulls to sink them. They live in rivers in the jungle.
132,ditto,"When it spots an enemy, its body transfigures intoan almost perfect copy of its oppo­ nent."
93,haunter,It likes to lurk in the dark and tap shoulders with a gaseous hand. Its touch causes endless shuddering.
231,phanpy,"this Pokémon uses its long nose to shower itself. When others gather around, they thoroughly douse each other with water.These POKéMON can be seen drying their soaking-wet bodies at the edge of water."
418,buizel,It inflates the flotation sac around its neck and pokes its head out of the water to see what is going on.
578,duosion,Its psychic power can supposedly cover a range of more than half a mile—but only if its two brains can agree with each other.
71,victreebel,"It pools in its mouth a fluid with a honeylike scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything."
325,spoink,this Pokémon keeps a pearl on top of its head. The pearl functions to amplify this POKéMON’s psychokinetic powers.It is therefore on a constant search for a bigger pearl.
704,goomy,It’s covered in a slimy membrane that makes any punches or kicks slide off it harmlessly.
198,murkrow,"Feared and loathed by many, it is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see it at night."
358,chimecho,"It travels by riding on winds. It cleverly uses its long tail to pluck nuts and berries, which it loves to eat."
117,seadra,Touching the back fin causes numbness. It hooks its tail to coral to stay in place while sleeping.
321,wailord,It can sometimes knock out opponents with the shock created by breaching and crashing its big body onto the water.
73,tentacruel,Its 80 tentacles can stretch and contract freely. They wrap around prey and weaken it with poison.
660,diggersby,"With their powerful ears, they can heft boulders of a ton or more with ease. They can be a big help at construction sites."
647,keldeo,"When it is resolute, its body fills with power and it becomes swifter. Its jumps are then too fast to follow."
338,solrock,"A new Pokémon species, rumored to be from the sun. It gives off light while spinning."
68,machamp,Its superpowerful punches are said to knock the victim flying clear over the horizon.
783,hakamo-o,"The scales it sheds can be molded and processed to make pots and pans. They conduct heat well, so they’re a popular item."
44,gloom,"From its mouth this Pokémon drips honey that smells absolutely horrible. Apparently, it loves the horrid stench. It sniffs the noxious fumes and then drools even more of its honey."
562,yamask,Each of them carries a mask that used to be its face when it was human. Sometimes they look at it and cry.
415,combee,The trio is together from birth. It constantly gathers honey from flowers to please Vespiquen.
738,vikavolt,"It zips around, on sharp lookout for an opening. It concentrates electrical energy within its large jaws and uses it to zap its enemies."
36,clefable,"Rarely seen by people, it is said to be drawn by the full moon to play at deserted lakes."
380,latias,It communicates using telepathy. Its body is covered in down that refracts light to make it invisible.
475,gallade,"When trying to protect someone, it extends its elbows as if they were swords and fights savagely."
341,corphish,It was originally a Pokémon from afar that escaped to the wild. It can adapt to the dirtiest river.
95,onix,"As it digs through the ground, it absorbs many hardobjects. This is what makes its body so solid."
573,cinccino,"The white parts of its coat are covered in an oil secreted from its body, so this Pokémon can slide right away from its enemies’ attacks."
57,primeape,Always furious and tenacious to boot. It will notabandon chasing its quarry until it is caught.
742,cutiefly,Myriads of this Pokémon flutter above the heads of people who have auras resembling those of flowers.
41,zubat,Forms colonies in perpetually dark places. Usesultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets.
458,mantyke,The pattern on its back varies by region. It often swims in a school of Remoraid.
375,metang,The claws tipping its arms pack the destructive power to tear through thick iron sheets as if they were silk. It flies at over 60 miles per hour.
225,delibird,It carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by its stored food.
192,sunflora,this Pokémon convert solar energy into nutrition. They are highly active in the warm daytime but suddenly stop moving as soon as the sun sets.
587,emolga,It glides on its outstretched membrane while shocking foes with the electricity stored in the pouches on its cheeks.
429,mismagius,Its cries sound like incantations to torment the foe. It appears where you least expect it.
31,nidoqueen,Its body is cover­ ed with needle- like scales. Itnever shows signs of shrinking from any attack.
176,togetic,"They say that it will appear before kindhearted, caring people and shower them with happiness."
190,aipom,It lives high among the treetops. It can use its tail as freely and cleverly as its hands.
20,raticate,"this Pokémon’s sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs.It may even chew on the walls of houses."
372,shelgon,"Inside this Pokémon’s armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body.This POKéMON’s shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish."
796,xurkitree,"It appeared from the Ultra Wormhole. It raided a power plant, so people think it energizes itself with electricity."
229,houndoom,"If you are burned by the flames it shoots from its mouth, the pain will never go away."
683,aromatisse,The scent that constantly emits from its fur is so powerful that this Pokémon’s companions will eventually lose their sense of smell.
115,kangaskhan,"To protect its young, it will never give upduring battle, no matter how badly wounded it is."
495,snivy,It is very intelligent and calm. Being exposed to lots of sunlight makes its movements swifter.
853,grapploct,"Searching for an opponent to test its skills against, it emerges onto land. Once the battle is over, it returns to the sea."
461,weavile,"One this Pokémon will trip a Sandshrew and flip it over, and then another this Pokémon will deal the finishing blow with its sharp claws."
475,gallade,"Because it can sense what its foe is thinking, its attacks burst out first, fast, and fierce."
133,eevee,An extremely rare POKéMON that may evolve in a number of different ways depending on stimuli.
241,miltank,"It is said that kids who drink this Pokémon’s milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults."
249,lugia,"It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm."
530,excadrill,"More than 300 feet below the surface, they build mazelike nests. Their activity can be destructive to subway tunnels."
121,starmie,"At the center of its body is a red core, which sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky."
501,oshawott,The scalchop on its stomach isn’t just used for battle—it can be used to break open hard berries as well.
87,dewgong,this Pokémon loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this POKéMON sleeping ona glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago.
464,rhyperior,It can launch a rock held in its hand like a missile by tightening then expanding muscles instantly.
487,giratina,A Pokémon that is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours. It appears in an ancient cemetery.
173,cleffa,"On late nights illuminated by shooting stars, it gazes intently skyward, as if thinking of its home."
38,ninetales,It has long been said that each of the nine tails embody an enchanted power. A long-lived this Pokémon will have fur that shines like gold.
210,granbull,"this Pokémon has a particularly well- developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the POKéMON to tipits head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately."
430,honchkrow,"If its Murkrow cronies fail to catch food for it, or if it feels they have betrayed it, it will hunt them down wherever they are and punish them."
453,croagunk,"Inflating its poison sacs, it fills the area with an odd sound and hits flinching opponents with a poison jab."
171,lanturn,"this Pokémon is known to emit light. If you peer down into the dark sea from a ship at night, you can sometimes seethis POKéMON’s light rising from the depths where it swims. It gives the sea an appearance of a starlit night."
68,machamp,"this Pokémon is known as the Pokémon that has mastered every kind of martial arts. If it grabs hold of the foe with its four arms, the battle is all but over. The hapless foe is thrown far over the horizon."
621,druddigon,"this Pokémon lives in caves, but it never skips sunbathing—it won’t be able to move if its body gets too cold."
304,aron,"It usually lives deep in mountains. However, hunger may drive it to eat railroad tracks and cars."
586,sawsbuck,The plants growing on its horns change according to the season. The leaders of the herd possess magnificent horns.
275,shiftry,A POKéMON that was feared as a forest guardian. It can read the foe’s mind and take preemptive action.
9,blastoise,"Once it takes aim at its enemy, it blasts out waterwith even more force than a fire hose."
36,clefable,"Said to live in quiet, remote mountains, thistype of fairy has a strong aversion to being seen."
65,alakazam,"Its brain cells continue to increase in number until its death. The older the this Pokémon, the larger its head."
545,scolipede,It clasps its prey with the claws on its neck until it stops moving. Then it finishes it off with deadly poison.
182,bellossom,this Pokémon gather at times and seem to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.
385,jirachi,"this Pokémon is said to make wishes come true. While it sleeps, a tough crystalline shell envelops the body to protect it from enemies."
74,geodude,"Proud of their sturdy bodies, they bash againsteach other in a contest to prove whose is harder."
25,pikachu,It occasionally uses an electric shock to recharge a fellow this Pokémon that is in a weakened state.
39,jigglypuff,"It captivates foes with its huge, round eyes, then lulls them to sleep by singing a soothing melody."
278,wingull,"It rides upon ocean winds as if it were a glider. In the winter, it hides food around its nest."
520,tranquill,"No matter where in the world it goes, it knows where its nest is, so it never gets separated from its Trainer."
176,togetic,"They say that it will appear before kindhearted, caring people and shower them with happiness."
303,mawile,"It uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws."
61,poliwhirl,"Under attack, it uses its belly spiral to put thefoe to sleep. It then makes its escape."
707,klefki,"this Pokémon sucks in metal ions with the horn topping its head. It seems this Pokémon loves keys so much that its head needed to look like one, too."
89,muk,"They love to gather in smelly areas where sludge accumulates, making the stench around them worse."
286,breloom,"this Pokémon closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms.This POKéMON’s fighting technique puts boxers to shame."
289,slaking,"The world’s laziest Pokémon. When it is lounging, it is actually saving energy for striking back."
118,goldeen,"A strong swimmer, it is capable of swimming nonstop up fast streams at a steady speed of five knots per hour."
36,clefable,"They appear to be very protective of their own world. It is a kind of fairy, rarely seen by people."
442,spiritomb,It was bound to a fissure in an odd keystone as punishment for misdeeds 500 years ago.
515,panpour,The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. It waters plants with it using its tail.
857,hattrem,"Using the braids on its head, it pummels foes to get them to quiet down. One blow from those braids would knock out a professional boxer."
333,swablu,It can’t relax if it or its surroundings are not clean. It wipes off dirt with its wings.
90,shellder,"Clamping on to an opponent reveals its vulnerableparts, so it uses this move only as a last resort."
443,gible,It nests in horizontal holes warmed by geothermal heat. Foes who get too close can expect to be pounced on and bitten.
101,electrode,"The more energy it charges up, the faster it gets.But this also makes it more likely to explode."
86,seel,"The colder it gets, the better it feels. It joyfully swims around oceans so cold that they are filled with floating ice."
177,natu,"Because its wings aren’t yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something."
73,tentacruel,It extends its 80 tentacles to form an encircling poisonous net that is difficult to escape.
362,glalie,"It has a body of ice that won’t melt, even with fire. It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere."
233,porygon2,"It was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets. However, it failed to measure up."
133,eevee,"Because its genetic makeup is irregular, it quickly changes its form due to a variety of causes."
50,diglett,Lives about one yard underground where it feeds onplant roots. It sometimes appears above ground.
702,dedenne,"Its whiskers serve as antennas. By sending and receiving electrical waves, it can communicate with others over vast distances."
85,dodrio,"When Doduo evolves into this odd breed, one of its heads splits into two. It runs at nearly 40 mph."
310,manectric,It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
567,archeops,It runs better than it flies. It takes off into the sky by running at a speed of 25 mph.
573,cinccino,A special oil that seeps through their fur helps them avoid attacks. The oil fetches a high price at market.
810,grookey,"When it uses its special stick to strike up a beat, the sound waves produced carry revitalizing energy to the plants and flowers in the area."
16,pidgey,"this Pokémon has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable of unerringly returning home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings."
556,maractus,"Arid regions are their habitat. They move rhythmically, making a sound similar to maracas."
378,regice,Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
214,heracross,"With powerful legs and claws, it generates enough power to hurl foes over great distances."
493,arceus,It is said to have emerged from an egg in a place where there was nothing then shaped the world.
126,magmar,Its body always burns with an orange glow thatenables it to hide perfectly among flames.
276,taillow,"It dislikes cold seasons. They migrate to other lands in search of warmth, flying over 180 miles a day."
336,seviper,this Pokémon’s swordlike tail serves two purposes - it slashes foes and douses them with secreted poison.This POKéMON will not give up its long- running blood feud with ZANGOOSE.
226,mantine,"As it majestically swims, it doesn’t care if REMORAID attach to it to scavenge for its leftovers."
754,lurantis,"As it slashes into its enemies, it looks like it’s dancing. Its elegant appearance has led some to call it the most glamorous Grass Pokémon."
273,seedot,this Pokémon looks exactly like an acorn when it is dangling from a tree branch. It startles other Pokémon by suddenly moving. This Pokémon polishes its body once a day using leaves.
379,registeel,"Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched."
225,delibird,It nests at the edge of sharp cliffs. It spends all day carrying food to its awaiting chicks.
211,qwilfish,It shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer.
83,farfetchd,It can’t live without the stalk it holds. That’s why it defends the stalk from attackers with its life.
1,bulbasaur,"this Pokémon can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun’s rays, the seed grows progressively larger."
70,weepinbell,"At night, a this Pokémon hangs on to a tree branch with its hooked rear and sleeps. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground."
57,primeape,"If approached while asleep, it may awaken andangrily give chase in a groggy state of semi-sleep."
351,castform,"Temperature and weather affect its cellular structure, so this Pokémon changes form according to the weather."
343,baltoy,"It was discovered in ancient ruins. While moving, it constantly spins. It stands on one foot even when asleep."
471,glaceon,"By controlling its body heat, it can freeze the atmosphere around it to make a diamond-dust flurry."
48,venonat,Lives in the shadows of tall trees where iteats insects. It is attracted by light at night.
59,arcanine,Its proud and regal appearance has captured the hearts of people since long ago.
454,toxicroak,"It has a poison sac at its throat. When it croaks, the stored poison is churned for greater potency."
126,magmar,"Born in an active volcano. Its body is always cloaked in flames, so it looks like a big ball of fire."
445,garchomp,"this Pokémon makes its home in volcanic mountains. It flies through the sky as fast as a jet airplane, hunting down as much prey as it can."
340,whiscash,"A glutton that devours anything that moves, it quietly lurks at the bottom of swamps, lying in wait for prey."
140,kabuto,It is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell.
137,porygon,A manmade POKéMON that came about as a result of re­search. It is pro­ grammed with only basic motions.
390,chimchar,"It is very agile. Before going to sleep, it extinguishes the flame on its tail to prevent fires."
331,cacnea,"this Pokémon lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a strong aroma from its flower to attract prey. When prey comes near, this Pokémon shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring the victim down."
239,elekid,"It rotates its arms to generate electricity, butit tires easily, so it charges up only a little bit."
153,bayleef,The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up.
119,seaking,"Using its horn, it bores holes in riverbed boulders, making nests to prevent its eggs from washing away."
258,mudkip,"To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders."
461,weavile,"They travel in groups of four or five, leaving signs for one another on trees and rocks. They bring down their prey with coordinated attacks."
383,groudon,this Pokémon has appeared in mythology as the creator of the land. It sleeps in magma underground and is said to make volcanoes erupt on awakening.
707,klefki,"It never lets go of a key that it likes, so people give it the keys to vaults and safes as a way to prevent crime."
523,zebstrika,"They have lightning-like movements. When this Pokémon run at full speed, the sound of thunder reverberates."
346,cradily,"Once this Pokémon catches prey in its tentacles, it digests them whole and absorbs their nutrients."
410,shieldon,"It is outstandingly armored. As a result, it can eat grass and berries without having to fight."
23,ekans,this Pokémon curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. Assuming this position allows it to quickly respond to a threat from any direction with a glare from its upraised head.
230,kingdra,It lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves.
285,shroomish,"If this Pokémon senses danger, it shakes its body and scatters spores from the top of its head.This POKéMON’s spores are so toxic, they make trees and weeds wilt."
761,bounsweet,"Although it’s too sugary for human consumption, this Pokémon’s sweat can be watered down into a juice with just the right amount of sweetness."
498,tepig,It can deftly dodge its foe’s attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it eats them.
267,beautifly,"this Pokémon has a long mouth like a coiled needle, which is very convenient for collecting pollen from flowers.This POKéMON rides the spring winds as it flits around gathering pollen."
488,cresselia,Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
294,loudred,"this Pokémon shouts while stamping its feet. After it finishes shouting, this POKéMON becomes incapable of hearinganything for a while. This is considered to be a weak point."
697,tyrantrum,"Nothing could stop this Pokémon 100 million years ago, so it behaved like a king."
167,spinarak,"It lies still in the same pose for days in its web, waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close."
459,snover,"Seemingly curious about people, they gather around footsteps they find on snowy mountains."
594,alomomola,It gently holds injured and weak Pokémon in its fins. Its special membrane heals their wounds.
186,politoed,"If POLIWAG and POLIWHIRL hear its echoing cry, they respond by gathering from far and wide."
896,glastrier,"this Pokémon emits intense cold from its hooves. It’s also a belligerent Pokémon—anything it wants, it takes by force."
259,marshtomp,Living on muddy ground that provides poor footing has made its legs sturdy.
73,tentacruel,It extends its 80 tentacles to form an encircling poisonous net that is difficult to escape.
25,pikachu,"When it is anger­ ed, it immediately discharges theenergy stored in the pouches in its cheeks."
83,farfetchd,It can’t live without the stalk it holds. That’s why it defends the stalk from attackers with its life.
477,dusknoir,The antenna on its head captures radio waves from the world of spirits that command it to take people there.
265,wurmple,"Using the spikes on its rear end, this Pokémon peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out.This POKéMON’s feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping."
225,delibird,"It has a generous habit of sharing its food with people and Pokémon, so it’s always scrounging around for more food."
170,chinchou,It shoots positive and negative electricity between the tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies.
212,scizor,It raises its pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation. It also swings them down dangerously.
154,meganium,this Pokémon’s breath has the power to revive dead grass and plants. It can make them healthy again.
205,forretress,It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
440,happiny,It likes to carry around a small rock. It may wander around others’ feet and cause them to stumble.
287,slakoth,It spends nearly all its time in a day sprawled out. Just seeing it makes one drowsy.
561,sigilyph,"The guardians of an ancient city, they always fly the same route while keeping watch for invaders."
445,garchomp,It flies at speeds equal to a jet fighter plane. It never allows its prey to escape.
19,rattata,"Cautious in the extreme, its hardy vitality lets it live in any kind of environment."
343,baltoy,"Discovered in ancient ruins, it moves by spinning around and forms a group when it finds others."
614,beartic,It freezes its breath to create fangs and claws of ice to fight with. Cold northern areas are its habitat.
134,vaporeon,Lives close to water. Its long tail is ridgedwith a fin which is often mistaken for a mermaid's.
726,torracat,"It boasts powerful front legs. With a single punch, it can bend an iron bar right over."
576,gothitelle,Starry skies thousands of light-years away are visible in the space distorted by their intense psychic power.
28,sandslash,"If it digs at an incredible pace, it may snap offits spikes and claws. They grow back in a day."
451,skorupi,It lives in arid regions and can go without food for a year while waiting for prey.
629,vullaby,Their wings are too tiny to allow them to fly. They guard their posteriors with bones that were gathered by Mandibuzz.
198,murkrow,"It is said that when chased, it lures its attackeronto dark mountain trails where the foe will get lost."
213,shuckle,"The berries stored in its vaselike shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice."
349,feebas,It is the shabbiest Pokémon of all. It forms in schools and lives at the bottom of rivers.
126,magmar,"Born in the spout of a volcano, its body is covered by flames that shimmer like the sun."
74,geodude,"The longer a this Pokémon lives, the more its edges are chipped and worn away, making it more rounded in appearance. However, this Pokémon’s heart will remain hard, craggy, and rough always."
336,seviper,"In battle, it uses its bladed tail to counter any ZANGOOSE. It secretes a deadly venom in its tail."
819,skwovet,"Found throughout the Galar region, this Pokémon becomes uneasy if its cheeks are ever completely empty of berries."
143,snorlax,this Pokémon’s typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile Pokémon that there are children who use its expansive belly as a place to play.
336,seviper,this Pokémon’s swordlike tail serves two purposes—it slashes foes and douses them with secreted poison. This Pokémon will not give up its long-running blood feud with Zangoose.
439,mime-jr,"It habitually mimics foes. Once mimicked, the foe cannot take its eyes off this Pokémon."
402,kricketune,There is a village that hosts a contest based on the amazingly variable cries of this Pokémon.
400,bibarel,It busily makes its nest with stacks of branches and roots it has cut up with its sharp incisors.
256,combusken,this Pokémon battles with the intensely hot flames it spews from its beak and with outstandingly destructive kicks. This Pokémon’s cry is very loud and distracting.
62,poliwrath,"With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting."
364,sealeo,this Pokémon has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time.This POKéMON occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a SPHEAL on its nose.
705,sliggoo,It crawls along sluggishly. The swirly protrusion on its back is filled with its brain and other organs.
756,shiinotic,"It emits flickering spores that cause drowsiness. When its prey succumb to sleep, this Pokémon feeds on them by sucking in their energy."
80,slowbro,"It spaces out while gazing at the sea. With Shellder’s poison flowing through its body, it becomes even spacier."
335,zangoose,"this Pokémon usually stays on all fours, but when angered, it gets up on its hind legs and extends its claws. This Pokémon shares a bitter rivalry with Seviper that dates back over generations."
129,magikarp,"A this Pokémon living for many years can leap a mountain using Splash. The move remains useless, though."
43,oddish,"Awakened by moonlight, it roams actively at night. In the day, it stays quietly underground."
284,masquerain,this Pokémon intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This POKéMON flaps its four wings tofreely fly in any direction - even sideways and backwards - as if it were a helicopter.
236,tyrogue,"this Pokémon becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every day. When raising this POKéMON, the TRAINERmust establish and uphold various training methods."
642,thundurus,The spikes on its tail discharge immense bolts of lightning. It flies around the Unova region firing off lightning bolts.
190,aipom,"this Pokémon’s tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly manipulated. However, because the Pokémon uses its tail so much, its real hands have become rather clumsy."
460,abomasnow,This Pokémon is known to bring blizzards. A shake of its massive body is enough to cause whiteout conditions.
428,lopunny,An extremely cautious Pokémon. It cloaks its body with its fluffy ear fur when it senses danger.
662,fletchinder,"From its beak, it expels embers that set the tall grass on fire. Then it pounces on the bewildered prey that pop out of the grass."
355,duskull,"this Pokémon can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may be. Once this POKéMON chooses a target,it will doggedly pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn."
456,finneon,The way its two tail fins flutter while it swims has earned it the nickname “BEAUTIFLY of the Sea.”
766,passimian,"They battle with hard berries for weapons. Their techniques are passed from the boss to the group, generation upon generation."
721,volcanion,It expels its internal steam from the arms on its back. It has enough power to blow away a mountain.
