entry_name,name,description
209,snubbull,"By baring its fangs and making a scary face, this Pokémon sends smaller Pokémon scurrying away in terror. However, this Pokémon seems a little sad at making its foes flee."
39,jigglypuff,"If it inflates to SING a lullaby, it can perform longerand cause sure drowsiness in its audience."
490,manaphy,It starts its life with a wondrous power that permits it to bond with any kind of Pokémon.
173,cleffa,"On nights with many shooting stars, this Pokémon can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance through the night and stop only at the break of day, when these Pokémon quench their thirst with the morning dew."
144,articuno,"The magnificent, seemingly translucent wings of this legendary bird Pokémon are said to be made of ice."
270,lotad,It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can’t swim.
648,meloetta,Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization method that can control the feelings of those who hear it.
137,porygon,"It is a manmade Pokémon. Since it doesn’t breathe, people are eager to try it in any environment."
309,electrike,this Pokémon stores electricity in its long body hair. This POKéMON stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges.These jolts of power give its legs explosive acceleration performance.
291,ninjask,"This POKéMON is so quick, it is said to be able to avoid any attack. It loves to feed on tree sap."
129,magikarp,It is virtually worthless in terms of both power and speed. It is the most weak and pathetic Pokémon in the world.
718,zygarde,It’s hypothesized that it’s monitoring those who destroy the ecosystem from deep in the cave where it lives.
13,weedle,It eats its weight in leaves every day. It fends off attackers with the needle on its head.
436,bronzor,There are researchers who believe this Pokémon reflected like a mirror in the distant past.
462,magnezone,"Sometimes the magnetism emitted by this Pokémon is too strong, making them attract each other so they cannot move."
454,toxicroak,Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile that even a scratch could prove fatal.
73,tentacruel,Its 80 tentacles absorb water and stretch almostendlessly to CON­ STRICT its prey and enemies.
450,hippowdon,"When roused to violence by its rage, it spews out the quantities of sand it has swallowed and whips up a sandstorm."
147,dratini,"Long thought to be a myth, this Pokémon’s existence was only recently confirmed by a fisherman who caught one."
205,forretress,Its entire body is shielded by a steel-hard shell.What lurks inside the armor is a total mystery.
26,raichu,This Pokémon exudes a weak electrical charge from all over its body that makes it take on a slight glow in darkness. this Pokémon plants its tail in the ground to discharge electricity.
47,parasect,"The larger the mushroom on its back grows, thestronger the mush­ room spores it scatters."
307,meditite,It always trains deep in mountains. It levitates when it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
212,scizor,It raises its pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation. It also swings them down dangerously.
17,pidgeotto,"It flies over its wide territory in search of prey, downing it with its highly developed claws."
123,scyther,"It slashes through grass with its sharp scythes,moving too fast for the human eye to track."
111,rhyhorn,"Its powerful tackles can destroy anything. However, it is too slow witted to help people work."
186,politoed,It gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make POLIWAG obey.
122,mr-mime,Its fingertips emit a peculiar force field that hardens air to create an actual wall.
22,fearow,"It shoots itself suddenly high into the sky, then plummets down in one fell swoop to strike its prey."
159,croconaw,"It opens its huge jaws wide when attacking. If it loses any fangs while biting, they grow back in."
409,rampardos,Its skull is as hard as iron. It is a brute that tears down jungle trees while catching prey.
14,kakuna,"Able to move only slightly. When endangered, it may stick out its stinger and poison its enemy."
130,gyarados,"When MAGIKARP evolves into this Pokémon, its brain cells undergo a structural transformation. It is said that thistransformation is to blame for this POKéMON’s wildly violent nature."
344,claydol,It appears to have been born from clay dolls made by ancient people. It uses telekinesis to float and move.
127,pinsir,It grips prey with its powerful pincers and will not let go until the prey is torn in half.
766,passimian,They use their saliva to stick leaves to their shoulders. You can tell what troop they belong to from the position of the leaves.
722,rowlet,"This wary Pokémon uses photosynthesis to store up energy during the day, while becoming active at night."
151,mew,So rare that it is still said to be a mirage bymany experts. Only a few people have seen it worldwide.
119,seaking,It makes its nest by hollowing out boulders in streams with its horn. It defends its eggs with its life.
58,growlithe,A Pokémon with a loyal nature. It will remain motionless until it is given an order by its Trainer.
457,lumineon,It crawls along the seafloor using its long front fins like legs. It competes for food with Lanturn.
678,meowstic,"When in danger, it raises its ears and releases enough psychic power to grind a 10-ton truck into dust."
387,turtwig,"It undertakes photosynthesis with its body, making oxygen. The leaf on its head wilts if it is thirsty."
137,porygon,It was built 20 years ago by scientists who dreamed of exploring space. Their dreams have yet to come true.
23,ekans,"Moves silently and stealthily. Eats the eggs ofbirds, such as PIDGEY and SPEAROW, whole."
95,onix,"As it grows, the stone portions of its body hardento become similar to a diamond, but colored black."
167,spinarak,The web spun by this Pokémon can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that this Pokémon can determine what kind of prey is touching its web just by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web’s strands.
414,mothim,It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey collected by Combee.
251,celebi,"It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times."
446,munchlax,"It hides food under its long fur, but it sometimes forgets about it and causes a stinky disturbance."
214,heracross,"Usually docile, but if disturbed while sipping honey, it chases off the intruder with its horn."
599,klink,The two minigears that mesh together are predetermined. Each will rebound from other minigears without meshing.
426,drifblim,"There was once an incident in which a man took a trip riding a this Pokémon, only to go missing."
54,psyduck,"When headaches stimulate its brain cells, which are usually inactive, it can use a mysterious power."
135,jolteon,"It controls 10,000-volt power and can raise all the fur on its body as if it were sharp needles."
83,farfetchd,"FARFETCH’D is always seen with a stick from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good sticks and bad sticks.This POKéMON has been known to fight with others over sticks."
744,rockruff,"It’s considered to be a good Pokémon for beginners because of its friendliness, but its disposition grows rougher as it grows up."
456,finneon,"Swimming and fluttering its two tail fins, it looks like a BEAUTIFLY. At night, the patterns on its tail fins softly shine."
167,spinarak,The web it spins can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that a this Pokémon determines its prey by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web.
201,unown,"This POKéMON is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or thevarious this Pokémon. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known."
275,shiftry,this Pokémon is a mysterious Pokémon that is said to live atop towering trees dating back over a thousand years. It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds.
245,suicune,It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
121,starmie,Its central core glows with the seven colors ofthe rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem.
95,onix,It burrows through the ground at a speed of 50 mph while feeding on large boulders. 
631,heatmor,"It draws in air through its tail, transforms it into fire, and uses it like a tongue. It melts Durant and eats them."
497,serperior,It can stop its opponents’ movements with just a glare. It takes in solar energy and boosts it internally.
88,grimer,"It was born from sludge transformed by exposure to X-rays from the moon. When its internal load of germs decreases, it dies."
83,farfetchd,"Farfetch’d is always seen with a stalk from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good stalks and bad stalks. This Pokémon has been known to fight with others over stalks."
542,leavanny,"Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves by using the sticky silk secreted from its mouth."
461,weavile,Evolution made it even more devious. It communicates by clawing signs in boulders.
204,pineco,"this Pokémon hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the Pokémon is disturbed while eating by someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and explodes with no warning."
57,primeape,Always furious and tenacious to boot. It will notabandon chasing its quarry until it is caught.
373,salamence,"As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out."
284,masquerain,"The antennae have distinctive patterns that look like eyes. When it rains, they grow heavy, making flight impossible."
344,claydol,"This mysterious Pokémon started life as an ancient clay figurine made over 20,000 years ago."
236,tyrogue,It is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes.
470,leafeon,Galarians favor the distinctive aroma that drifts from this Pokémon’s leaves. There’s a popular perfume made using that scent.
496,servine,"It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip."
101,electrode,It is known to drift on winds if it is bloated to bursting with stored electricity.
417,pachirisu,A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity.
48,venonat,"this Pokémon is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection. It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even minuscule prey."
99,kingler,"Its pincers grow peculiarly large. If it lifts thepincers too fast, it loses its bal­ ance and staggers."
125,electabuzz,"Electricity runs across the surface of its body. In darkness, its entire body glows a whitish-blue."
507,herdier,"It has black, cape-like fur that is very hard and decreases the amount of damage it receives."
231,phanpy,"As a sign of affection, it bumps with its snout. However, it is so strong, it may send you flying."
257,blaziken,this Pokémon has incredibly strong legs—it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap. This Pokémon’s blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened.
149,dragonite,It can fly in spite of its big and bulky physique. It circles the globe in just 16 hours.
200,misdreavus,"this Pokémon frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. The Pokémon apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition."
124,jynx,"It speaks a language similar to that of humans. However, it seems to use dancing to communicate."
401,kricketot,It chats with others using the sounds of its colliding antennae. These sounds are fall hallmarks.
124,jynx,It wiggles its hips as it walks. It can cause people to dance in unison with it.
874,stonjourner,"Once a year, on a specific date and at a specific time, they gather out of nowhere and form up in a circle."
165,ledyba,"It is so timid, it can’t move if it isn’t with a swarm of others. It conveys its feelings with scent."
867,runerigus,"Never touch its shadowlike body, or you’ll be shown the horrific memories behind the picture carved into it."
410,shieldon,"It is outstandingly armored. As a result, it can eat grass and berries without having to fight."
573,cinccino,Their white fur is coated in a special oil that makes it easy for them to deflect attacks.
28,sandslash,The spikes on its body are made up of its hardened hide. It rolls up and attacks foes with its spikes.
649,genesect,This Pokémon existed 300 million years ago. Team Plasma altered it and attached a cannon to its back.
485,heatran,It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls.
392,infernape,Its crown of fire is indicative of its fiery nature. It is beaten by none in terms of quickness.
55,golduck,"this Pokémon is the fastest swimmer among all Pokémon. It swims effortlessly, even in a rough, stormy sea. It sometimes rescues people from wrecked ships floundering in high seas."
282,gardevoir,"To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole."
708,phantump,These Pokémon are created when spirits possess rotten tree stumps. They prefer to live in abandoned forests.
168,ariados,this Pokémon’s feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. This Pokémon constricts the foe with thin and strong silk webbing.
27,sandshrew,"Its body is dry. When it gets cold at night, its hide is said to become coated with a fine dew."
293,whismur,"If it senses danger, it scares the foe by crying out with the volume of a jet-plane engine."
343,baltoy,"Discovered in ancient ruins, it moves by spinning around and forms a group when it finds others."
317,swalot,It gulps anything that fits in its mouth. Its special enzymes can dissolve anything.
581,swanna,this Pokémon start to dance at dusk. The one dancing in the middle is the leader of the flock.
375,metang,It is formed by two BELDUM joining together. Its steel body won’t be scratched if it collides with a jet.
377,regirock,"Every bit of this Pokémon’s body is made of stone. As parts of its body erode, this Pokémon sticks rocks to itself to repair what’s been lost."
71,victreebel,"Lures prey with the sweet aroma of honey. Swallowed whole, the prey is dissolved in a day, bones and all."
12,butterfree,It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.
410,shieldon,It habitually polishes its face by rubbing it against tree trunks. It is weak to attacks from behind.
129,magikarp,"In the distant past, it was somewhat strongerthan the horribly weak descendants that exist today."
607,litwick,"Its flame is usually out, but it starts shining when it absorbs life force from people or Pokémon."
12,butterfree,"this Pokémon has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest."
105,marowak,It is small and was originally very weak. Its temperament turned ferocious when it began using bones.
440,happiny,It likes to carry around a small rock. It may wander around others’ feet and cause them to stumble.
710,pumpkaboo,The light that streams out from the holes in the pumpkin can hypnotize and control the people and Pokémon that see it.
407,roserade,"Luring prey with a sweet scent, it uses poison whips on its arms to poison, bind, and finish off the prey."
350,milotic,this Pokémon is said to be the most beautiful of all the Pokémon. It has the power to becalm such emotions as anger and hostility to quell bitter feuding.
385,jirachi,Generations have believed that any wish written on a note on its head will come true when it awakens.
489,phione,"It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted."
189,jumpluff,this Pokémon rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The POKéMON descends to the groundwhen it encounters cold air while it is floating.
349,feebas,"It is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water."
130,gyarados,"Once it appears, it goes on a ram­ page. It remainsenraged until it demolishes every­ thing around it."
632,durant,"Individuals each play different roles in driving Heatmor, their natural predator, away from their colony."
48,venonat,"Its eyes act as radar, enabling it to be active in darkness. The eyes can also shoot powerful beams."
535,tympole,"By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans. It uses the rhythm of these sounds to talk."
36,clefable,"With its acute hearing, it can pick up sounds from far away. It usually hides in quiet places."
1,bulbasaur,The seed on its back is filled with nutrients. The seed grows steadily larger as its body grows.
265,wurmple,It spits a white silk that turns sticky when it contacts air. It is used to immobilize foes.
420,cherubi,"The deeper a this Pokémon’s red, the more nutrients it has stockpiled in its body. And the sweeter and tastier its small ball!"
284,masquerain,"The antennae have distinctive patterns that look like eyes. When it rains, they grow heavy, making flight impossible."
746,wishiwashi,"When it senses danger, its eyes tear up. The sparkle of its tears signals other this Pokémon to gather."
444,gabite,"As it digs to expand its nest, it habitually digs up gems that it then hoards in its nest."
125,electabuzz,Half of all blackouts occur when this Pokémon appears at power plants and eats electricity.
522,blitzle,Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use the frequency and rhythm of these flashes to communicate.
871,pincurchin,"It stores electricity in each spine. Even if one gets broken off, it still continues to emit electricity for at least three hours."
293,whismur,"Usually, its cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane."
7,squirtle,"After birth, its back swells and hardens into ashell. Powerfully sprays foam from its mouth."
86,seel,"this Pokémon hunts for prey in the frigid sea underneath sheets of ice. When it needs to breathe, it punchesa hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head."
467,magmortar,"When this Pokémon inhales deeply, the fire burning in its belly intensifies, rising in temperature to over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit."
351,castform,"Its appearance changes with the weather. Recently, its molecules were found to be just like water."
13,weedle,The barb on top of its head secretes a strong poison.It uses this toxic barb to protect itself.
374,beldum,It uses magnetic waves to converse with its kind. All the cells in its body are magnetic.
375,metang,"Using magnetic forces to stay aloft, this Pokémon flies at high speeds, weaving through harsh mountain terrain in pursuit of prey."
818,inteleon,Its nictitating membranes let it pick out foes’ weak points so it can precisely blast them with water that shoots from its fingertips at Mach 3.
114,tangela,It is shrouded by blue vines. No one has seen the face hidden behind this growth of vines.
132,ditto,It can reorganize its cells to make itself into a duplicate of anything it sees. The quality of the duplicate depends on the individual.
511,pansage,It’s good at finding berries and gathers them from all over. It’s kind enough to share them with friends.
452,drapion,"It’s so vicious that it’s called the Sand Demon. Yet when confronted by Hippowdon, this Pokémon keeps a low profile and will never pick a fight."
339,barboach,"this Pokémon’s sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system. This POKéMON hides in mud, leaving onlyits two whiskers exposed while it waits for prey to come along."
164,noctowl,"When it needs to think, it rotates its head 180 degrees to sharpen its intellectual power."
363,spheal,This Pokémon’s body is covered in blubber and impressively round. It’s faster for this Pokémon to roll around than walk.
38,ninetales,Some legends claim that each of its nine tails has its own unique type of special mystical power.
614,beartic,They love the cold seas of the north. They create pathways across the ocean waters by freezing their own breath.
299,nosepass,"If two of these meet, they cannot get too close because their noses repel each other."
472,gliscor,Its flight is soundless. It uses its lengthy tail to carry off its prey... Then its elongated fangs do the rest.
77,ponyta,Training by jumping over grass that grows longerevery day has made it a world-class jumper.
166,ledian,The spot patterns on its back grow larger or smaller depending on the number of stars in the night sky.
188,skiploom,It spreads its petals to absorb sunlight. It also floats in the air to get closer to the sun.
7,squirtle,"After birth, its back swells and hardens into ashell. Powerfully sprays foam from its mouth."
105,marowak,"Small and weak, this POKéMON is adept with itsbone club. It has grown more vicious over the ages."
552,krokorok,They live in groups of a few individuals. Protective membranes shield their eyes from sandstorms.
306,aggron,"While seeking iron for food, it digs tunnels by breaking through bedrock with its steel horns."
94,gengar,The leer that floats in darkness belongs to a this Pokémon delighting in casting curses on people.
283,surskit,"When this Pokémon senses danger, a sweet fluid oozes from the tip of its head. The taste of it disgusts bird Pokémon."
630,mandibuzz,"They adorn themselves beautifully with bones. This is supposedly an effort to attract males, but no male this Pokémon have ever been found."
108,lickitung,"Whenever this Pokémon comes across something new, it will unfailingly give it a lick. It does so because it memorizes things by texture and by taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things."
454,toxicroak,"It has a poison sac at its throat. When it croaks, the stored poison is churned for greater potency."
174,igglybuff,"It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop."
613,cubchoo,"Their snot is a barometer of health. When healthy, their snot is sticky and the power of their ice moves increases."
89,muk,Its body is made of a powerful poison. Touching it accidentally will cause a fever that requires bed rest.
350,milotic,It is the world’s most beautiful Pokémon. There are many works of art featuring this Pokémon.
382,kyogre,A mythical Pokémon said to have swelled the seas with rain and tidal waves. It battled with Groudon.
834,drednaw,"With jaws that can shear through steel rods, this highly aggressive Pokémon chomps down on its unfortunate prey."
284,masquerain,It flaps its four wings to hover and fly freely in any direction-- to and fro and sideways.
59,arcanine,A legendary POKé­ MON in China. Many people arecharmed by its grace and beauty while running.
326,grumpig,It can perform odd dance steps to influence foes. Its style of dancing became hugely popular overseas.
401,kricketot,"Its legs are short. Whenever it stumbles, its stiff antennae clack with a xylophone-like sound."
235,smeargle,"It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks."
309,electrike,It stores electricity in its fur. It gives off sparks from all over its body in seasons when the air is dry.
404,luxio,Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage to cause fainting. They live in small groups.
140,kabuto,A POKéMON that was resurrected from a fossilfound in what was once the ocean floor eons ago.
101,electrode,"this Pokémon eats electricity in the atmosphere. On days when lightning strikes, you can see this POKéMONexploding all over the place from eating too much electricity."
93,haunter,"By licking, it saps the victim’s life. It causes shaking that won’t stop until the victim’s demise."
148,dragonair,A mystical POKéMON that exudes a gentle aura.Has the ability to change climate conditions.
283,surskit,It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
767,wimpod,"this Pokémon gather in swarms, constantly on the lookout for danger. They scatter the moment they detect an enemy’s presence."
171,lanturn,this Pokémon is nicknamed “the deep-sea star” for its illuminated antenna. This POKéMON produces light bycausing a chemical reaction between bacteria and its bodily fluids inside the antenna.
516,simipour,"It prefers places with clean water. When its tuft runs low, it replenishes it by siphoning up water with its tail."
129,magikarp,"Famous for being very unreliable. It can be found swimming in seas, lakes, rivers, and shallow puddles."
580,ducklett,"They are better at swimming than flying, and they happily eat their favorite food, peat moss, as they dive underwater."
685,slurpuff,"By taking in a person’s scent, it can sniff out their mental and physical condition. It’s hoped that this skill will have many medical applications."
497,serperior,It only gives its all against strong opponents who are not fazed by the glare from this Pokémon’s noble eyes.
366,clamperl,"this Pokémon grows while being protected by its rock-hard shell. When its body becomes too large to fit inside theshell, it is sure evidence that this POKéMON is getting close to evolution."
113,chansey,A gentle and kind­ hearted POKéMON that shares itsnutritious eggs if it sees an injured POKéMON.
475,gallade,"When trying to protect someone, it extends its elbows as if they were swords and fights savagely."
108,lickitung,Its tongue can be extended like a chameleon's. Itleaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies.
385,jirachi,It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
84,doduo,A bird that makes up for its poor flying with itsfast foot speed. Leaves giant footprints.
314,illumise,"With its sweet aroma, it guides Volbeat to draw signs with light in the night sky."
102,exeggcute,"Even though it appears to be eggs of some sort, it was discovered to be a life- form more like plant seeds."
365,walrein,"this Pokémon form herds of 20 to 30 individuals. When a threat appears, the herd’s leader will protect the group with its life."
129,magikarp,It is unable to swim against even slow-moving currents. It always splashes about for some reason.
643,reshiram,This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with fire. It helps those who want to build a world of truth.
443,gible,"It nests in small, horizontal holes in cave walls. It pounces to catch prey that stray too close."
455,carnivine,"Using its tentacles to lash itself to trees, it lies in wait for prey, luring it close with sweet-smelling drool."
433,chingling,"It emits high-frequency cries that people can’t hear. Once it starts, it can cry for an awfully long time. "
451,skorupi,It burrows under the sand to lie in wait for prey. Its tail claws can inject its prey with a savage poison.
658,greninja,"It appears and vanishes with a ninja’s grace. It toys with its enemies using swift movements, while slicing them with throwing stars of sharpest water."
639,terrakion,"Spoken of in legend, this Pokémon used its phenomenal power to destroy a castle in its effort to protect Pokémon."
321,wailord,"When a small Wailmer is attacked by Sharpedo or Dhelmise, its whole pod works together to protect it."
291,ninjask,"If this Pokémon is not trained properly, it will refuse to obey the Trainer and cry loudly continuously. Because of this quality, this Pokémon is said to be one that puts the Trainer’s abilities to the test."
193,yanma,Its eyes can see 360 degrees without moving its head. It won’t miss prey--even those behind it.
363,spheal,"this Pokémon is much faster rolling than walking to get around. When groups of this Pokémon eat, they all clap at once to show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy."
416,vespiquen,It houses its colony in cells in its body and releases various pheromones to make those grubs do its bidding.
151,mew,"When viewed through a micro­ scope, thisPOKéMON's short, fine, delicate hair can be seen."
620,mienshao,They use the long fur on their arms as a whip to strike their opponents.
163,hoothoot,"It always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen."
394,prinplup,"Because every this Pokémon considers itself to be the most important, they can never form a group."
396,starly,"Usually with a large flock, it is barely noticeable when alone. Its cries are very strident."
235,smeargle,"It draws symbols with the fluid that oozes from the tip of its tail. Depending on the symbol, this Pokémon fanatics will pay big money for them."
778,mimikyu,Its actual appearance is unknown. A scholar who saw what was under its rag was overwhelmed by terror and died from the shock.
247,pupitar,"Even sealed in its shell, it can move freely. Hard and fast, it has outstanding destructive power."
123,scyther,It tears and shreds prey with its wickedly sharp scythes. It very rarely spreads its wings to fly.
440,happiny,"Mimicking Chansey, this Pokémon will place an egg- shaped stone in its belly pouch. this Pokémon will treasure this stone."
75,graveler,"Rocks are this Pokémon’s favorite food. This Pokémon will climb a mountain from the base to the summit, crunchingly feasting on rocks all the while. Upon reaching the peak, it rolls back down to the bottom."
94,gengar,"Should you feel yourself attacked by a sudden chill, it is evidence of an approaching this Pokémon. There is no escaping it. Give up."
199,slowking,"This Pokémon is so famed for its intellect that a proverb still persists in some regions: “When in doubt, ask this Pokémon.”"
111,rhyhorn,"Its powerful tackles can destroy anything. However, it is too slow witted to help people work."
7,squirtle,"When it feels threatened, it draws its legsinside its shell and sprays water from its mouth."
106,hitmonlee,This amazing POKé­ MON has an awesome sense of balance.It can kick in succession from any position.
721,volcanion,It expels its internal steam from the arms on its back. It has enough power to blow away a mountain.
221,piloswine,Its shaggy coat makes it unable to see. It checks surroundings with its sensitive nose instead.
661,fletchling,These friendly Pokémon send signals to one another with beautiful chirps and tail-feather movements.
211,qwilfish,The small spikes covering its body developed from scales. They inject a toxin that causes fainting.
111,rhyhorn,"It can remember only one thing at a time. Once it starts rushing, it forgets why it started."
243,raikou,A Pokémon that races across the land while barking a cry that sounds like crashing thunder.
378,regice,"Its entire body is made of Antarctic ice. After extensive studies, researchers believe the ice was formed during an ice age."
173,cleffa,It is often seen when shooting stars fill the night skies. It’s said to arrive riding on a shooting star.
251,celebi,"It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times."
317,swalot,"When this Pokémon spots prey, it spurts out a hideously toxic fluid from its pores and sprays the target. Once the prey has weakened, this Pokémon gulps it down whole with its cavernous mouth."
17,pidgeotto,"It has outstanding vision. However high it flies, itis able to distin­ guish the move­ ments of its prey."
4,charmander,"The flame on its tail indicates this Pokémon’s life force. If it is healthy, the flame burns brightly."
118,goldeen,It swims elegantly by flittering its tail fin as if it were a dress. It has the look of a queen.
213,shuckle,"It stores berries inside its shell. To avoid attacks, it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still."
354,banette,A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge from being junked. It seeks the child that disowned it.
362,glalie,It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere. It uses this power to freeze its foes.
25,pikachu,"This forest-dwelling Pokémon stores electricity in its cheeks, so you’ll feel a tingly shock if you touch it."
359,absol,It senses coming disasters and appears before people only to warn them of impending danger.
709,trevenant,"People fear it due to a belief that it devours any who try to cut down trees in its forest, but to the Pokémon it shares its woods with, it’s kind."
147,dratini,This POKéMON is full of life ener­ gy. It continuallysheds its skin and grows steadily larger.
131,lapras,"Its high intelligence enables it to comprehend human speech. When it’s in a good mood, it sings in its beautiful voice."
397,staravia,It lives in forests and fields. Squabbles over territory occur when flocks collide.
352,kecleon,"It changes its hue to blend into its surroundings. If no one takes notice of it for too long, it will pout and never reveal itself."
165,ledyba,It is very timid. It will be afraid to move if it isalone. But it will be active if it is in a group.
347,anorith,A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
365,walrein,"To protect its herd, the leader battles anything that invades its territory, even at the cost of its life. Its tusks may snap off in battle."
696,tyrunt,Its immense jaws have enough destructive force that it can chew up an automobile. It lived 100 million years ago.
387,turtwig,Photosynthesis occurs across its body under the sun. The shell on its back is actually hardened soil.
171,lanturn,"It blinds prey with an intense burst of light,then swallows the immobilized prey in a single gulp."
199,slowking,"this Pokémon undertakes research every day in an effort to solve the mysteries of the world. However, this Pokémon apparently forgets everything it has learned if the Shellder on its head comes off."
54,psyduck,"As a result of headaches so fierce they cause it to cry, it sometimes uses psychokinesis without meaning to."
103,exeggutor,"When they work together, this Pokémon’s three heads can put out powerful psychic energy. Cloudy days make this Pokémon sluggish."
51,dugtrio,"this Pokémon are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like the other two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly."
230,kingdra,It stores energy by sleeping at underwater depthsat which no other life forms can survive.
398,staraptor,It never stops attacking even if it is injured. It fusses over the shape of its comb.
740,crabominable,"It just throws punches indiscriminately. In times of desperation, it can lop off its own pincers and fire them like rockets."
388,grotle,It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokémon there on its back.
116,horsea,"If attacked by a larger enemy, it quickly swims tosafety by adeptly controlling its dorsal fin."
202,wobbuffet,"In order to con­ ceal its black tail, it lives ina dark cave and only moves about at night."
297,hariyama,It stomps on the ground to build power. It can send a 10-ton truck flying with a straight-arm punch.
597,ferroseed,"It defends itself by launching spikes, but its aim isn’t very good at first. Only after a lot of practice will it improve."
161,sentret,It has a very nervous nature. It stands up high on its tail so it can scan wide areas.
525,boldore,"When it is healthy, its core sticks out. Always facing the same way, it swiftly moves front to back and left to right."
208,steelix,"this Pokémon live even further underground than ONIX. This POKéMON is known to dig toward the earth’s core, reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground."
59,arcanine,"This fleet-footed POKéMON is said to run over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within its body is its source of power."
228,houndour,It is smart enough to hunt in packs. It uses a variety of cries for communicating with others.
281,kirlia,It is said that a this Pokémon that is exposed to the positive emotions of its Trainer grows beautiful. This Pokémon controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain.
220,swinub,It roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under dried grass. It occasionally roots out hot springs.
11,metapod,The shell covering this POKéMON’s body is as hard as an iron slab. this Pokémon does not move very much.It stays still because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the hard shell.
202,wobbuffet,"It hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to pump up its counterstrike."
68,machamp,"Its four ruggedly developed arms can launch a flurry of 1,000 punches in just two seconds."
430,honchkrow,"If one utters a deep cry, many Murkrow gather quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.”"
125,electabuzz,"When a storm approaches, it competes with others to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning. Some towns use this Pokémon in place of lightning rods."
80,slowbro,"If the tail-biting SHELLDER is thrown off in a harsh battle, it reverts to being an ordinary SLOWPOKE."
291,ninjask,"Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap."
117,seadra,Touching the back fin causes numb­ ness. It hooksits tail to coral to stay in place while sleeping.
420,cherubi,It evolves by sucking the energy out of the small ball where it had been storing nutrients.
223,remoraid,It forcefully squirts water. The water jet never misses prey even if the this Pokémon is deep in the sea.
426,drifblim,"They carry people and Pokémon, but the wind can catch them, so there can’t be a fixed destination."
274,nuzleaf,"It lives deep in forests. With the leaf on its head, it makes a flute whose song makes listeners uneasy."
59,arcanine,Its proud and regal appearance has captured the hearts of people since long ago.
790,cosmoem,The absorption of starlight fuels this Pokémon’s growth. The shell that encases it is harder than any known material.
114,tangela,"Many writhing vines cover it, so its true identity remains unknown. The blue vines grow its whole life long."
375,metang,"It flies at high speeds around the skies. When it finds its prey, this Pokémon takes a firm grip with its sharp claws and never lets go."
292,shedinja,"A strange Pokémon--it flies without moving its wings, has a hollow shell for a body, and does not breathe."
101,electrode,Stores electrical energy inside its body. Even the slightest shock could trigger a huge explosion.
404,luxio,Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes.
316,gulpin,"It has a small heart and brain. Its stomach comprises most of its body, with enzymes to dissolve anything."
55,golduck,Often seen swimming elegantly by lakeshores. It is often mistaken for the Japanese monster Kappa.
194,wooper,"When walking on land, it covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating."
147,dratini,"It’s still weak, so it lurks on the floor of bodies of water, eating whatever food sinks down and living a quiet life."
2,ivysaur,Exposure to sun­ light adds to its strength. Sunlightalso makes the bud on its back grow larger.
29,nidoran-f,The poison hidden in its small horn is extremely po­tent. Even a tiny scratch can have fatal results.
423,gastrodon,"The softness of its body helps disperse the force of impacts, so although its body is uncommonly squishy, it’s also surprisingly resilient."
808,meltan,"It melts particles of iron and other metals found in the subsoil, so it can absorb them into its body of molten steel."
651,quilladin,They strengthen their lower bodies by running into one another. They are very kind and won’t start fights.
208,steelix,this Pokémon lives even further underground than ONIX. This POKéMON is known to dig towards the earth’s core.There are records of this POKéMON reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
617,accelgor,"When its body dries out, it weakens. So, to prevent dehydration, it wraps itself in many layers of thin membrane."
76,golem,"Once it sheds its skin, its body turns tender andwhitish. Its hide hardens when it's exposed to air."
51,dugtrio,"this Pokémon are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like the other two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly."
589,escavalier,These Pokémon evolve by wearing the shell covering of a Shelmet. The steel armor protects their whole body.
215,sneasel,this Pokémon scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. This POKéMON seeks out unguardednests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
42,golbat,Its sharp fangs puncture the toughest of hides and have small holes for greedily sucking blood.
148,dragonair,Its crystalline orbs appear to give this POKéMONthe power to freely control the weather.
313,volbeat,"this Pokémon’s tail glows like a lightbulb. With other this Pokémon, it uses its tail to draw geometric shapes in the night sky.This POKéMON loves the sweet aroma given off by ILLUMISE."
4,charmander,"The fire on the tip of its tail is a measure of its life. If healthy, its tail burns intensely."
104,cubone,"It lost its mother after its birth. It wears itsmother's skull, never revealing its true face."
145,zapdos,this Pokémon is a legendary bird POKéMON that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds.The POKéMON gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts.
222,corsola,"In a south-sea nation, the people live in communities that are built on groups of these Pokémon."
644,zekrom,"When the interior part of its tail spins like a motor, this Pokémon can generate many bolts of lightning to blast its surroundings."
212,scizor,"Once it has identified an enemy, this Pokémon smashes it mercilessly with pincers hard as steel."
39,jigglypuff,"When this POKéMON sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does noteasily fall asleep, this Pokémon cannot breathe, endangering its life."
122,mr-mime,It is a pantomime expert that can create invisible but solid walls using miming gestures.
322,numel,The flaming magma it stores in the hump on its back is the source of its tremendous power.
157,typhlosion,"It has a secret, devastating move. It rubs its blazing fur together to cause huge explosions."
50,diglett,"It digs under­ ground and chews on tree roots,sticking its head out only when the sun isn't bright."
206,dunsparce,this Pokémon has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backward. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
507,herdier,Its dense black fur grows continuously. The high cost of keeping its hard fur properly groomed makes this a troublesome Pokémon to train.
426,drifblim,"It’s drowzy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go."
251,celebi,"It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times."
168,ariados,"It attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends."
483,dialga,A Pokémon spoken of in legend. It is said that time began moving when this Pokémon was born.
197,umbreon,this Pokémon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon’s waves. It hides silently in darkness and waitsfor its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.
100,voltorb,"Usually found in power plants. Easily mistakenfor a POKé BALL, they have zapped many people."
145,zapdos,This legendary bird Pokémon is said to appear when the sky turns dark and lightning showers down.
124,jynx,"It speaks a lan­ guage similar to that of humans.However, it seems to use dancing to communicate."
394,prinplup,"It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important."
78,rapidash,"When at an all-out gallop, its blazing mane sparkles, enhancing its beautiful appearance."
704,goomy,"It uses its horns to check out its surroundings. They’re very sensitive, so if you grab them, it will feel a strong shock and be unable to move."
777,togedemaru,"When it’s in trouble, it curls up into a ball, makes its fur spikes stand on end, and then discharges electricity indiscriminately."
195,quagsire,"This carefree Pokémon has an easygoing nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls."
56,mankey,It is extremely ill-tempered. Groups of themwill attack any handy target for no reason.
465,tangrowth,"Even if one of its arms is eaten, it’s fine. The Pokémon regenerates quickly and will go right back to normal."
316,gulpin,Almost all its body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows.
38,ninetales,this Pokémon casts a sinister light from its bright red eyes to gain total control over its foe’s mind.This POKéMON is said to live for a thousand years.
599,klink,Interlocking two bodies and spinning around generates the energy they need to live.
575,gothorita,"Starlight is the source of their power. At night, they mark star positions by using psychic power to float stones."
289,slaking,"It is the world’s most slothful Pokémon. However, it can exert horrifying power by releasing pent-up energy all at once."
526,gigalith,The solar rays it absorbs are processed in its energy core and fired as a ball of light.
131,lapras,A POKéMON that has been over­ hunted almost toextinction. It can ferry people across the water.
112,rhydon,Its brain developed when it began walking on its hind legs. Its armor-like hide even repels molten lava.
193,yanma,"If it flaps its wings really fast, it can generate shock waves that will shatter windows in the area."
292,shedinja,A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit.
366,clamperl,this Pokémon’s sturdy shell is not only good for protection - it is also used for clamping and catching prey.A fully grown this Pokémon’s shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over.
496,servine,"It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip."
172,pichu,It is not yet skilled at storing electricity. It may send out a jolt if amused or startled.
7,squirtle,"It shelters itself in its shell, then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity."
389,torterra,Small Pokémon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests.
333,swablu,this Pokémon has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds. This Pokémon is not frightened of people. It lands on the heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat.
421,cherrim,"If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun’s rays with its whole body."
31,nidoqueen,"It uses its scaly, rugged body to seal the entrance of its nest and protect its young from predators."
363,spheal,It rolls across ice floes to reach shore because its body is poorly shaped for swimming.
368,gorebyss,Its pink body becomes more vivid with the rise of water temperatures in the springtime.
405,luxray,It can see clearly through walls to track down its prey and seek its lost young.
706,goodra,"This very friendly Dragon-type Pokémon will hug its beloved Trainer, leaving that Trainer covered in sticky slime."
209,snubbull,"Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute."
453,croagunk,"Inflating its poison sacs, it makes an eerie blubbering sound for intimidation."
378,regice,"this Pokémon cloaks itself with frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit. Things will freeze solid just by going near this Pokémon. Its icy body is so cold, it will not melt even if it is immersed in magma."
520,tranquill,"No matter where in the world it goes, it knows where its nest is, so it never gets separated from its Trainer."
69,bellsprout,"this Pokémon’s thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, this Pokémon spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron."
725,litten,Trying to pet this Pokémon before it trusts you will result in a nasty scratch from its sharp claws. Be careful.
95,onix,"this Pokémon has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this Pokémon does not lose direction while it is tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother."
513,pansear,This Pokémon lives in caves in volcanoes. The fire within the tuft on its head can reach 600° F.
602,tynamo,"One alone can emit only a trickle of electricity, so a group of them gathers to unleash a powerful electric shock."
352,kecleon,this Pokémon is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings.There is one exception - this POKéMON can’t change the zigzag pattern on its belly.
672,skiddo,"If it has sunshine and water, it doesn’t need to eat, because it can generate energy from the leaves on its back."
402,kricketune,It signals its emotions with its melodies. Scientists are studying these melodic patterns.
118,goldeen,"Its dorsal, pectoral and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the water dancer."
290,nincada,It can sometimes live underground for more than 10 years. It absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees.
334,altaria,"If it bonds with a person, it will gently envelop the friend with its soft wings, then hum."
380,latias,It communicates using telepathy. Its body is covered in down that refracts light to make it invisible.
130,gyarados,"It appears when­ ever there is world conflict,burning down any place it travels through."
187,hoppip,"This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, this Pokémon links its leaves with other this Pokémon to prepare against being blown away."
57,primeape,"It grows angry if you see its eyes and gets angrier if you run. If you beat it, it gets even madder."
449,hippopotas,It enshrouds itself with sand to protect itself from germs. It does not enjoy getting wet.
141,kabutops,Its sleek shape is perfect for swim­ ming. It slashesprey with its claws and drains the body fluids.
156,quilava,this Pokémon keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and gusts of superheated air. This Pokémon applies its outstanding nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foe with flames.
327,spinda,The chances of two this Pokémon having identical spot patterns is less than one in four billion.
418,buizel,It spins its two tails like a screw to propel itself through water. The tails also slice clinging seaweed.
270,lotad,"this Pokémon live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies.On rare occasions, this POKéMON travels on land in search of clean water."
67,machoke,"The muscles covering its body teem with power. Even when still, it exudes an amazing sense of strength."
198,murkrow,It is believed that seeing this Pokémon at night will bring about ominous occurrences.
351,castform,this Pokémon’s appearance changes with the weather. This POKéMON gained the ability to usethe vast power of nature to protect its tiny body.
342,crawdaunt,"Loving to battle, this Pokémon pinches all Pokémon that enter its territory with its pincers and throws them out."
137,porygon,this Pokémon is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace. This Pokémon is copy protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying.
278,wingull,"It makes its nest on sheer cliffs. Riding the sea breeze, it glides up into the expansive skies."
113,chansey,"Being few in number and difficult to capture, it is said to bring happiness to the Trainer who catches it."
483,dialga,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that time flows when this Pokémon’s heart beats.
47,parasect,"Its poisonous spores are also used in traditional medicine. Apparently, spores produced in Alola are not of very good quality."
71,victreebel,"Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles,although no one has ever returned from there."
112,rhydon,"Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit."
358,chimecho,"To knock foes flying, it makes the air shudder with its cries. It converses using seven cries."
426,drifblim,"At dusk, swarms of them are carried aloft on winds. When noticed, they suddenly vanish."
10,caterpie,"If you touch the feeler on top of its head, it will release a horrible stink to protect itself."
302,sableye,"It feeds on gemstone crystals. In darkness, its eyes sparkle with the glitter of jewels."
149,dragonite,An extremely rarely seen marine POKéMON.Its intelligence is said to match that of humans.
434,stunky,It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours.
447,riolu,It knows how people and Pokémon feel by looking at their auras. It doesn’t approach dangerous opponents.
453,croagunk,"It rarely fights fairly, but that is strictly to ensure survival. It is popular as a mascot."
64,kadabra,It is rumored that a boy with psychic abilities suddenly transformed into this Pokémon while he was assisting research into extrasensory powers.
368,gorebyss,"this Pokémon lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure ofwater at incredible depths. Because of this, this POKéMON’s body is unharmed by ordinary attacks."
119,seaking,"In autumn, its body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate. It takes on beautiful colors."
67,machoke,It happily carries heavy cargo to toughen up. It willingly does hard work for people.
492,shaymin,The blooming of Gracidea flowers confers the power of flight upon it. Feelings of gratitude are the message it delivers.
138,omanyte,"One of the ancient and long-since-extinct POKéMON that have been regenerated from fossils by humans. If attacked, it withdraws into its hard shell."
482,azelf,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the determination to do things. It was the birth of willpower."
27,sandshrew,"It prefers dry, sandy places because it usesthe sand to protect itself when threatened."
875,eiscue,It drifted in on the flow of ocean waters from a frigid place. It keeps its head iced constantly to make sure it stays nice and cold.
489,phione,"When the water warms, they inflate the flotation sac on their heads and drift languidly on the sea in packs."
240,magby,"Each and every time it inhales and exhales, hotembers dribble out of its mouth and nostrils."
285,shroomish,It prefers damp places. By day it remains still in the forest shade. It releases toxic powder from its head.
591,amoonguss,It moves the caps on both arms and does a dance to lure prey. It prefers damp places.
26,raichu,"It unleashes electric shocks that can reach 100,000 volts. When agitated, it can knock out even an Indian elephant."
390,chimchar,The gas made in its belly burns from its rear end. The fire burns weakly when it feels sick.
668,pyroar,The male with the largest mane of fire is the leader of the pride.
260,swampert,It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
55,golduck,"When its forehead shines mysteriously, this Pokémon can use the full extent of its power."
49,venomoth,"this Pokémon is nocturnal - it is a POKéMON that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insectsthat gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness."
505,watchog,"When they see an enemy, their tails stand high, and they spit the seeds of berries stored in their cheek pouches."
15,beedrill,"May appear in a swarm. Flies at violent speeds, all the while stabbing with the toxic stinger on its rear."
295,exploud,Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
18,pidgeot,It spreads its gorgeous wings widely to intimidate enemies. It races through the skies at Mach-2 speed.
149,dragonite,It is said that somewhere in the ocean lies anisland where these gather. Only they live there.
424,ambipom,"Split into two, the tails are so adept at handling and doing things, this Pokémon rarely uses its hands."
358,chimecho,"this Pokémon makes its cries echo inside its hollow body. When this POKéMON becomes enraged, its criesresult in ultrasonic waves that have the power to knock foes flying."
158,totodile,"Its powerful, well-developed jaws are capable of crushing anything. Even its Trainer must be careful."
478,froslass,"When it finds humans or Pokémon it likes, it freezes them and takes them to its chilly den, where they become decorations."
415,combee,"At night, this Pokémon sleep in a group of about a thousand, packed closely together in a lump."
35,clefairy,It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of this Pokémon dancing under a full moon.
383,groudon,It had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought Kyogre long ago.
544,whirlipede,"Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies."
490,manaphy,Water makes up 80% of its body. This Pokémon is easily affected by its environment.
505,watchog,"Using luminescent matter, it makes its eyes and body glow and stuns attacking opponents."
189,jumpluff,Drifts on seasonal winds and spreads its cotton-like spores all over the world to make more offspring.
277,swellow,"It circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey."
285,shroomish,It prefers damp places. By day it remains still in the forest shade. It releases toxic powder from its head.
287,slakoth,It sleeps for 20 hours every day. Making drowsy those that see it is one of its abilities.
628,braviary,"Known for its bravery and pride, this majestic Pokémon is often seen as a motif for various kinds of emblems."
102,exeggcute,Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
160,feraligatr,"It usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey."
618,stunfisk,"Thanks to bacteria that lived in the mud flats with it, this Pokémon developed the organs it uses to generate electricity."
216,teddiursa,This POKéMON likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. this Pokémon concocts its own honey byblending fruits and pollen collected by BEEDRILL.
255,torchic,"A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees F."
506,lillipup,"Though it is a very brave Pokémon, it’s also smart enough to check its foe’s strength and avoid battle."
543,venipede,"Its bite injects a potent poison, enough to paralyze large bird Pokémon that try to prey on it."
281,kirlia,"If its Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about."
175,togepi,It is considered to be a symbol of good luck. Itsshell is said to be filled with happiness.
138,omanyte,"A prehistoric POKéMON that lived in the primordial sea, it swims by twisting its 10 tentacles about."
173,cleffa,"According to local rumors, this Pokémon are often seen in places where shooting stars have fallen."
69,bellsprout,"If it notices anything that moves, itimmediately flings its vine at the object."
466,electivire,It pushes the tips of its tails against its foes and then lets loose a high-voltage current. Its foes are burned to a crisp in an instant.
194,wooper,This POKéMON lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside.
58,growlithe,"Extremely loyal, it will fearlessly bark at any oppo­nent to protect its own trainer from harm."
79,slowpoke,"It is always so absent-minded that it won't react,even if its flavorful tail is bitten."
82,magneton,"Generates strange radio signals. It raises the temperature by 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit within 3,300 feet."
470,leafeon,"When you see this Pokémon asleep in a patch of sunshine, you’ll know it is using photosynthesis to produce clean air."
357,tropius,"Bunches of delicious fruit grow around its neck. In warm areas, many ranches raise this Pokémon."
72,tentacool,It drifts in sea currents. Countless fishermen are hurt by its poison stingers.
333,swablu,"this Pokémon loves to make things clean. If it spots something dirty, it will wipe and polish it with its cottony wings.If its wings become dirty, this POKéMON finds a stream and showers itself."
81,magnemite,"this Pokémon attaches itself to power lines to feed on electricity. If your house has a power outage,check your circuit breakers. You may find a large number of this POKéMON clinging to the breaker box."
298,azurill,"this Pokémon spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too.Using this unique action, one of these POKéMON managed to hurl itself a record 33 feet."
552,krokorok,"Protected by thin membranes, their eyes can see even in the dead of night. They live in groups of a few individuals."
459,snover,"In the spring, it grows berries with the texture of frozen treats around its belly."
390,chimchar,The gas made in its belly burns from its rear end. The fire burns weakly when it feels sick.
231,phanpy,"During the desert­ ed morning hours, it comes ashorewhere it deftly uses its trunk to take a shower."
376,metagross,It is formed by two METANG fusing. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer.
215,sneasel,A smart and sneaky Pokémon. A pair may work together to steal eggs by having one lure the parents away.
398,staraptor,It never stops attacking even if it is injured. It fusses over the shape of its comb.
283,surskit,"They gather on puddles after evening downpours, gliding across the surface of water as if sliding. It secretes honey with a sweet aroma from its head."
473,mamoswine,Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age.
296,makuhita,It toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest.
502,dewott,Strict training is how it learns its flowing double-scalchop technique.
89,muk,"As it moves, a very strong poison leaks from it,making the ground there barren for three years."
352,kecleon,"It can freely change its body’s color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn’t change, however."
625,bisharp,this Pokémon pursues prey in the company of a large group of Pawniard. Then this Pokémon finishes off the prey.
32,nidoran-m,"It stiffens its ears to sense danger. The larger its horns, the more powerful its secreted venom."
641,tornadus,The lower half of its body is wrapped in a cloud of energy. It zooms through the sky at 200 mph.
282,gardevoir,It will try to guard its trusted Trainer with its life. It has the ability to see the future.
196,espeon,The tip of its forked tail quivers when it ispredicting its opponent's next move.
199,slowking,Being bitten by SHELLDER gave it intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists.
666,vivillon,this Pokémon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.
460,abomasnow,"They appear when the snow flowers bloom. When the petals fall, they retreat to places unknown again."
743,ribombee,Some of this Pokémon’s pollen puffs are highly nutritious. They are sometimes sold as supplements.
47,parasect,It is controlled by a mushroom grown larger than the bug body. It is said to prefer damp places.
250,ho-oh,Its feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness.
487,giratina,It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World.
355,duskull,"It doggedly pursues its prey wherever it goes. However, the chase is abandoned at sunrise."
91,cloyster,"For protection, it uses its harder-than-diamond shell. It also shoots spikes from the shell."
88,grimer,It was born when sludge in a dirty stream was exposed to the moon’s X-rays. It appears among filth.
243,raikou,A POKéMON that races across the land while barkinga cry that sounds like crashing thunder.
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, it begins moving in rhythm in order to amplify its power."
48,venonat,"Its big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light."
407,roserade,"Each of its hands contains different toxins, but both hands can jab with near-fatal power."
414,mothim,"While it loves floral honey, it won’t gather any itself. Instead, it plots to steal some from COMBEE."
104,cubone,"It always wears the skull of its dead mother, so no one has any idea what its hidden face looks like."
222,corsola,"These Pokémon live in warm seas. In prehistoric times, many lived in the oceans around the Galar region as well."
787,tapu-bulu,"Although it’s called a guardian deity, it’s violent enough to crush anyone it sees as an enemy."
37,vulpix,"It controls balls of fire. As it grows, its six tails split from their tips to make more tails."
501,oshawott,The scalchop on its stomach is made from the same elements as claws. It detaches the scalchop for use as a blade.
45,vileplume,"this Pokémon’s toxic pollen triggers atrocious allergy attacks. That’s why it is advisable never to approach any attractive flowers in a jungle, however pretty they may be."
16,pidgey,"Very docile. If attacked, it will often kick up sand to protect itself rather than fight back."
151,mew,"Its DNA is said to contain the genetic codes of all Pokémon, so it can use all kinds of techniques."
166,ledian,The star patterns on its back grow larger or smaller depending on the number of stars in the night sky.
79,slowpoke,"this Pokémon uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river. However, this Pokémon often forgets what it’s doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water’s edge."
34,nidoking,"this Pokémon’s thick tail packs enormously destructive power. With one swing, it can topple a metal transmission tower. Once this Pokémon goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it."
337,lunatone,It was discovered at the site of a meteor strike 40 years ago. Its stare can lull its foes to sleep.
92,gastly,"this Pokémon is largely composed of gaseous matter. When exposed to a strong wind, the gaseous body quickly dwindles away.Groups of this POKéMON cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind."
160,feraligatr,"Although it has a massive body, its powerful hind legsenable it to move quickly, even on the ground."
382,kyogre,This POKéMON is said to have expanded the sea by bringing heavy rains. It has the power to control water.
366,clamperl,It makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power.
188,skiploom,"this Pokémon’s flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees F. How much the flower opens depends onthe temperature. For that reason, this POKéMON is sometimes used as a thermometer."
99,kingler,"Its pincers grow peculiarly large. If it lifts the pincers too fast, it loses its balance and staggers."
743,ribombee,"Rain makes pollen damp, so this Pokémon hates rain. When it sees ominous clouds, it finds a hollow in a tree, where it waits stock-still."
85,dodrio,One of Doduo’s two heads splits to form a unique species. It runs close to 40 mph in prairies.
316,gulpin,Almost all its body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows.
530,excadrill,It can help in tunnel construction. Its drill has evolved into steel strong enough to bore through iron plates.
36,clefable,"According to tradition, people who see a pair of this Pokémon skipping by can look forward to a happy marriage."
251,celebi,"This Pokémon traveled through time to come from the future. It bolsters grass and trees with its own strength, and it can heal wounds, too."
189,jumpluff,"Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes."
556,maractus,"When it moves rhythmically, it makes a sound similar to maracas, making the surprised Pokémon flee."
129,magikarp,This weak and pathetic POKéMON gets easily pushedalong rivers when there are strong currents.
460,abomasnow,"They appear when the snow flowers bloom. When the petals fall, they retreat to places unknown again."
229,houndoom,"Upon hearing its eerie howls, other POKéMON get theshivers and head straight back to their nests."
7,squirtle,"When it retracts its long neck into its shell, it squirts out water with vigorous force."
395,empoleon,"It avoids unnecessary disputes, but it will decimate anything that threatens its pride."
241,miltank,"It is said that kids who drink this Pokémon’s milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults."
115,kangaskhan,The infant rarely ventures out of its mother'sprotective pouch until it is 3 years old.
17,pidgeotto,"It slowly flies in a circular pat­ tern, all thewhile keeping a sharp lookout for prey."
217,ursaring,"With its ability to distinguish any aroma, it unfailingly finds all food buried deep underground."
622,golett,"The energy that burns inside it enables it to move, but no one has yet been able to identify this energy."
600,klang,"A minigear and big gear comprise its body. If the minigear it launches at a foe doesn’t return, it will die."
3,venusaur,There is a large flower on this Pokémon’s back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutritionand sunlight. The flower’s aroma soothes the emotions of people.
239,elekid,This Pokémon is constantly fighting with Togedemaru that try to steal its electricity. It’s a pretty even match.
149,dragonite,It is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore.
44,gloom,The fluid that oozes from its mouth isn’t drool. It is a nectar that is used to attract prey.
192,sunflora,It gets energy from warm sunlight and is known for its habit of moving in pursuit of it.
26,raichu,"When its electricity builds, its muscles are stimulated, and it becomes more aggressive than usual."
496,servine,"It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip."
265,wurmple,"It lives amidst tall grass and in forests. When attacked, it resists by pointing its venomous spikes at the foe."
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon are said to have identical spot patterns on their hides. This POKéMON moves in a curious manneras if it is stumbling in dizziness. Its lurching movements can cause the opponent to become confused.
794,buzzwole,"Although it’s alien to this world and a danger here, it’s apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives."
510,liepard,Their beautiful form comes from the muscles they have developed. They run silently in the night.
191,sunkern,It lives by drink­ ing only dewdrops from under theleaves of plants. It is said that it eats nothing else.
14,kakuna,"Nearly incapable of movement, it leans againststout trees while waiting for its evolution."
215,sneasel,"This cunning POKéMON hides under the coverof darkness, waiting to attack its prey."
211,qwilfish,It shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer.
585,deerling,Their coloring changes according to the seasons and can be slightly affected by the temperature and humidity as well.
43,oddish,"Its scientific name is “Oddium Wanderus.” At night, it is said to walk nearly 1,000 feet on its two roots. "
474,porygon-z,Its programming was modified to enable it to travel through alien dimensions. Seems there might have been an error...
250,ho-oh,Its feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness.
718,zygarde,This is this Pokémon’s form when about half of its pieces have been assembled. It plays the role of monitoring the ecosystem.
53,persian,this Pokémon has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine whatis in the POKéMON’s surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.
427,buneary,"You can tell how it feels by the way it rolls its ears. When it’s scared, both ears are rolled up."
317,swalot,"this Pokémon has no teeth, so what it eats, it swallows whole, no matter what. Its cavernous mouth yawns widely. An automobile tire could easily fit inside this Pokémon’s mouth."
167,spinarak,It sets a trap by spinning a web with thin but strong silk. It waits motionlessly for prey to arrive.
438,bonsly,"From its eyes, it can expel excess moisture from its body. This liquid is similar in composition to human sweat."
126,magmar,"Its entire body is burning. When it breathes, the temperature rises. When it sneezes, flames shoot out!"
68,machamp,"It uses its four powerful arms to pin the limbs of its foe, then throws the victim over the horizon."
679,honedge,Apparently this Pokémon is born when a departed spirit inhabits a sword. It attaches itself to people and drinks their life force.
195,quagsire,"It has a sluggish nature. It lies at the river’s bottom, waiting for prey to stray into its mouth."
167,spinarak,It sets a trap by spinning a web with thin but strong silk. It waits motionlessly for prey to arrive.
39,jigglypuff,"When it wavers its big, round eyes, it begins singing a lullaby that makes everyone drowsy."
1,bulbasaur,"this Pokémon can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun’s rays, the seed grows progressively larger."
422,shellos,It lives along bodies of water. Its body shape has changed to suit its habitat.
237,hitmontop,Its technique of kicking while spinning is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense. this Pokémon travel faster spinning than they do walking.
400,bibarel,It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker.
89,muk,A toxic fluid seeps from its body. The fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact.
369,relicanth,this Pokémon is a rare species that was discovered in deep-sea explorations. This POKéMON’s body withstands theenormous water pressure of the ocean depths. Its body is covered in tough scales that are like craggy rocks.
46,paras,Burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrooms on its back grow by drawing nutrients from the bug host.
504,patrat,"Using food stored in cheek pouches, they can keep watch for days. They use their tails to communicate with others."
238,smoochum,"It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes."
91,cloyster,"When attacked, it launches its horns in quickvolleys. Its innards have never been seen."
123,scyther,Its two sharp scythes are more than just weapons. It uses them with dexterity to dress its prey before eating.
245,suicune,It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
589,escavalier,They use shells they’ve stolen from Shelmet to arm and protect themselves. They’re very popular Pokémon in the Galar region.
134,vaporeon,Its cell structure is similar to water molecules.It will melt away and become invis­ ible in water.
333,swablu,It constantly grooms its cotton-like wings. It takes a shower to clean itself if it becomes dirty.
599,klink,The two minigears that mesh together are predetermined. Each will rebound from other minigears without meshing.
654,braixen,"It has a twig stuck in its tail. With friction from its tail fur, it sets the twig on fire and launches into battle."
330,flygon,"this Pokémon is nicknamed “the elemental spirit of the desert.” Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this Pokémon is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying."
136,flareon,"this Pokémon’s fluffy fur has a functional purpose—it releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. This Pokémon’s body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit."
99,kingler,"this Pokémon has an enormous, oversized claw. It waves this huge claw in the air to communicate with others.However, because the claw is so heavy, the POKéMON quickly tires."
132,ditto,"this Pokémon rearranges its cell structure to transform itself into other shapes. However, if it tries to transform itself into something by relying on its memory, this Pokémon manages to get details wrong."
82,magneton,"The MAGNEMITE are united by a mag­ netism so power­ful, it dries all moisture in its vicinities."
139,omastar,"Its tentacles are highly developed as if they are hands and feet. As soon as it ensnares prey, it bites."
741,oricorio,"It beats its wings together to create fire. As it moves in the steps of its beautiful dance, it bathes opponents in intense flames."
614,beartic,"It swims energetically through frigid seas. When it gets tired, it freezes the seawater with its breath so it can rest on the ice."
383,groudon,It had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought KYOGRE long ago.
422,shellos,"Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body, as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out."
854,sinistea,The teacup in which this Pokémon makes its home is a famous piece of antique tableware. Many forgeries are in circulation.
190,aipom,"It lives atop tall trees. When leaping from branch to branch, it deftly uses its tail for balance."
35,clefairy,Its magical and cute appeal has many admirers.It is rare and found only in certain areas.
370,luvdisc,It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
366,clamperl,"It is protected by a sturdy shell. Once in a lifetime, it makes a magnificent pearl."
298,azurill,"this Pokémon spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too. Using this unique action, one of these Pokémon managed to hurl itself a record 33 feet."
698,amaura,This calm Pokémon lived in a cold land where there were no violent predators like Tyrantrum.
324,torkoal,It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
703,carbink,"When beset by attackers, this Pokémon wipes them all out by firing high-energy beams from the gems embedded in its body."
41,zubat,"this Pokémon live in caves, down where the sun’s light won’t reach. In the morning, they gather together to keep each other warm as they sleep."
69,bellsprout,A carnivorous POKéMON that traps and eats bugs.It uses its root feet to soak up needed moisture.
528,swoobat,It shakes its tail vigorously when it emits ultrasonic waves strong enough to reduce concrete to rubble.
365,walrein,"It shatters ice with its big tusks. Its thick blubber repels not only the cold, but also enemy attacks."
293,whismur,It usually murmurs but starts crying loudly if it senses danger. It stops when its ear covers are shut.
381,latios,"A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes."
393,piplup,It doesn’t like to be taken care of. It’s difficult to bond with since it won’t listen to its Trainer.
383,groudon,"this Pokémon is said to be the personification of the land itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Kyogre, as each sought to gain the power of nature."
116,horsea,"It makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees."
143,snorlax,"Will eat anything, even if the food happens to be a little moldy. It never gets an upset stomach."
783,hakamo-o,"The scaleless, scarred parts of its body are signs of its strength. It shows them off to defeated opponents."
297,hariyama,"this Pokémon’s thick body may appear fat, but it is actually a hunk of solid muscle. If this Pokémon bears down and tightens all its muscles, its body becomes as hard as a rock."
135,jolteon,"A sensitive Pokémon that easily becomes sad or angry. Every time its mood changes, it charges power."
301,delcatty,"this Pokémon prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can do as it pleases at its own pace. Because this Pokémon eats and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are completely random."
294,loudred,The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
406,budew,"When it feels the sun’s warm touch, it opens its bud to release pollen. It lives alongside clear pools."
507,herdier,"The longer its black fur grows, the harder and more impervious it gets. Claws and fangs can’t easily penetrate it."
53,persian,"Although its fur has many admirers, it is tough to raise as a pet because of its fickle meanness."
146,moltres,"A legendary bird Pokémon. As it flaps its flaming wings, even the night sky will turn red."
692,clauncher,They knock down flying prey by firing compressed water from their massive claws like shooting a pistol.
288,vigoroth,Its stress level rises if it cannot keep moving constantly. Too much stress makes it feel sick.
586,sawsbuck,"They migrate according to the seasons, so some people call this Pokémon the harbingers of spring."
108,lickitung,Its tongue spans almost seven feet and moves more freely than its forelegs. Its licks can cause paralysis.
648,meloetta,Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization method that can control the feelings of those who hear it.
551,sandile,They live buried in the sands of the desert. The sun-warmed sands prevent their body temperature from dropping.
487,giratina,It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World.
264,linoone,"When running in a straight line, it can top 60 miles per hour. However, it has a tough time with curved roads."
394,prinplup,"It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important."
100,voltorb,this Pokémon was first sighted at a company that manufactures POKé BALLS. The link between that sighting andthe fact that this POKéMON looks very similar to a POKé BALL remains a mystery.
383,groudon,Said to have expanded the lands by evaporating water with raging heat. It battled titanically with KYOGRE.
729,brionne,It gets excited when it sees a dance it doesn’t know. This hard worker practices diligently until it can learn that dance.
360,wynaut,It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
404,luxio,Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage to cause fainting. They live in small groups.
46,paras,Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host this Pokémon.
732,trumbeak,"It eats berries and stores their seeds in its beak. When it encounters enemies or prey, it fires off all the seeds in a burst."
113,chansey,"Not only are these Pokémon fast runners, they’re also few in number, so anyone who finds one must be lucky indeed."
815,cinderace,"It juggles a pebble with its feet, turning it into a burning soccer ball. Its shots strike opponents hard and leave them scorched."
385,jirachi,It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
372,shelgon,"Its armored body makes all attacks bounce off. The armor is too tough, however, making it heavy and somewhat sluggish."
355,duskull,"It doggedly pursues its prey wherever it goes. However, the chase is abandoned at sunrise."
550,basculin,Red- and blue-striped this Pokémon are very violent and always fighting. They are also remarkably tasty.
468,togekiss,"As everyone knows, it visits peaceful regions, bringing them gifts of kindness and sweet blessings."
252,treecko,"The soles of its feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings."
895,regidrago,Its body is composed of crystallized dragon energy. this Pokémon is said to have the powers of every dragon Pokémon.
359,absol,It has the ability to foretell natural disasters. Its life span is over a hundred years.
70,weepinbell,The leafy parts act as cutters for slashing foes. It spits a fluid that dissolves everything.
449,hippopotas,"It lives in arid places. Instead of perspiration, it expels grainy sand from its body."
82,magneton,A linked cluster formed of several MAGNEMITE. It discharges powerful magnetic waves at high voltage.
334,altaria,It flies gracefully through the sky. Its melodic humming makes you feel like you’re in a dream.
21,spearow,"this Pokémon has a very loud cry that can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger."
53,persian,Has a vicious temperament. Beware if it raises its tail straight up. It is a signal that it is about to pounce and bite.
486,regigigas,"It is said to have made Pokémon that look like itself from a special ice mountain, rocks, and magma."
185,sudowoodo,"this Pokémon camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because the forelegs remaingreen throughout the year, the POKéMON is easily identified as a fake during the winter."
84,doduo,The brains in its two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power.
329,vibrava,"To make prey faint, this Pokémon generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate.This POKéMON’s ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches in people."
74,geodude,It uses both hands to climb precipitous cliffs. People who see it in action have been known to take up bouldering.
55,golduck,"Its long, slim limbs end in broad flippers. They are used for swimming gracefully in lakes."
148,dragonair,"Lakes where this Pokémon live are filled with offerings from people, because they believe this Pokémon is able to control the weather."
195,quagsire,"this Pokémon hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware. Because the Pokémon does not move, it does not get very hungry."
282,gardevoir,"To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole."
820,greedent,"It stashes berries in its tail—so many berries that they fall out constantly. But this Pokémon is a bit slow-witted, so it doesn’t notice the loss."
39,jigglypuff,"When its huge eyes waver, it sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep."
239,elekid,"Even in the most vicious storm, this POKéMON playshappily if thunder rumbles in the sky."
146,moltres,"A legendary bird POKéMON. As it flaps its flamingwings, even the night sky will turn red."
223,remoraid,The water they shoot from their mouths can hit moving prey from more than 300 feet away.
487,giratina,"This Pokémon is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours, where common knowledge is distorted and strange."
219,magcargo,Its brittle shell occasionally spouts intense flames that circulate throughout its body.
176,togetic,It grows dispirited if it is not with kind people. It can float in midair without moving its wings.
298,azurill,"Although this Pokémon are normally docile, an angry one will swing around the big ball on its tail and try to smash its opponents."
370,luvdisc,"During the spawning season, countless this Pokémon congregate at coral reefs, turning the waters pink."
124,jynx,"In certain parts of Galar, this Pokémon was once feared and worshiped as the Queen of Ice."
349,feebas,"It is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water."
488,cresselia,Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
256,combusken,Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
52,meowth,"It lies around all day, becoming active near dusk. At night, it wanders the city in search of loose change."
616,shelmet,"When it and Karrablast are together, and both receive electrical stimulation, they both evolve."
391,monferno,It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance.
307,meditite,"this Pokémon undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, thisPOKéMON always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends."
158,totodile,"Despite the smallness of its body, this Pokémon’s jaws are very powerful. While the Pokémon may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury."
523,zebstrika,"When this ill-tempered Pokémon runs wild, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions."
138,omanyte,A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas.
331,cacnea,"By storing water in its body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water."
2,ivysaur,"When the bud on its back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower’s coming bloom."
159,croconaw,"Once this Pokémon has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in."
130,gyarados,"They say that during past wars, this Pokémon wouldappear and leave blazing ruins in its wake."
763,tsareena,"A Pokémon with an aggressive personality and a mastery of kicking, it cackles every time it kicks an opponent."
356,dusclops,Anyone who dares peer into its body to see its spectral ball of fire will have their spirit stolen away.
60,poliwag,"Because it is in­ ept at walking on its newly grownlegs, it always swims around in water."
233,porygon2,"This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed for space exploration. However, it can’t even fly."
159,croconaw,"Once it bites down, it won’t let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place."
82,magneton,"Delicate equipment can malfunction in areas inhabited by this Pokémon, which send out mysterious electrical signals."
334,altaria,It flies gracefully through the sky. Its melodic humming makes you feel like you’re in a dream.
378,regice,"It is said to have slept in a glacier for thousands of years. Its body can’t be melted, even by magma."
534,conkeldurr,"Rather than rely on force, they master moves that utilize the centrifugal force of spinning concrete."
100,voltorb,It was discovered when Poké Balls were introduced. It is said that there is some connection.
456,finneon,The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night.
114,tangela,"Its vines snap off easily and painlessly if they are grabbed, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by new growth the very next day."
149,dragonite,this Pokémon is capable of circling the globe in just 16 hours. It is a kindhearted Pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.
286,breloom,Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
351,castform,this Pokémon’s appearance changes with the weather. This Pokémon gained the ability to use the vast power of nature to protect its tiny body.
162,furret,It makes a nest to suit its long and skinny body. The nest is impossible for other Pokémon to enter.
14,kakuna,"While awaiting evolution, it hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches."
389,torterra,"Ancient people imagined that beneath the ground, a gigantic this Pokémon dwelled."
240,magby,"It is found in volcanic craters. Its body temp. isover 1100 degrees, so don't under­ estimate it."
836,boltund,"It sends electricity through its legs to boost their strength. Running at top speed, it easily breaks 50 mph."
403,shinx,The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. Its fur glows when it’s in trouble.
121,starmie,"Its unusual body shape, reminiscent of abstract art, led local people to spread rumors that this Pokémon may be an invader from outer space."
183,marill,This Pokémon uses its round tail as a float. The ball of this Pokémon’s tail is filled with nutrients that have been turned into an oil.
509,purrloin,Opponents that get drawn in by its adorable behavior come away with stinging scratches from its claws and stinging pride from its laughter.
73,tentacruel,It lives in complex rock formations on the ocean floor and traps prey using its 80 tentacles. Its red orbs glow when it grows excited or agitated.
318,carvanha,They swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls.
236,tyrogue,"To brush up on its fighting skills, it will challenge anyone. It has a very strong competitive spirit."
486,regigigas,There is an enduring legend that states this Pokémon towed continents with ropes.
301,delcatty,It is highly popular among female Trainers for its sublime fur. It does not keep a nest.
88,grimer,"The wastewater coming from factories is clean these days, so this Pokémon have nothing to eat. They’re said to be on the verge of extinction."
249,lugia,It is said that it quietly spends its time deep at thebottom of the sea because its powers are too strong.
193,yanma,Its eyes can see 360 degrees without moving its head. It won’t miss prey--even those behind it.
322,numel,"this Pokémon is extremely dull witted - it doesn’t notice being hit. However, it can’t stand hunger for even a second.This POKéMON’s body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma."
556,maractus,"Arid regions are their habitat. They move rhythmically, making a sound similar to maracas."
552,krokorok,"Protected by thin membranes, their eyes can see even in the dead of night. They live in groups of a few individuals."
729,brionne,"On nights when the sea is calm, this Pokémon dance with one another to the singing of the Primarina that’s leading them."
599,klink,Interlocking two bodies and spinning around generates the energy they need to live.
177,natu,"It picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move."
739,crabrawler,this Pokémon has been known to mistake Exeggutor for a coconut tree and climb it. The enraged Exeggutor shakes it off and stomps it.
494,victini,"This Pokémon brings victory. It is said that Trainers with this Pokémon always win, regardless of the type of encounter."
343,baltoy,this Pokémon moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive wall paintings depicting this Pokémon living among people were discovered in some ancient ruins.
143,snorlax,"It doesn’t do anything other than eat and sleep. When prompted to make a serious effort, though, it apparently displays awesome power."
318,carvanha,It lives in massive rivers that course through jungles. It swarms prey that enter its territory.
753,fomantis,They give off a sweet and refreshing scent. Cutiefly often gather near the tall grass where this Pokémon are hiding.
187,hoppip,"Its body is so light, it must grip the ground firmly with its feet to keep from being blown away."
750,mudsdale,"It can trudge mountain roads without rest for three days and three nights, all the while dragging a 10-ton load."
27,sandshrew,"If it fell from a great height, this POKéMON could saveitself by rolling into a ball and bouncing."
478,froslass,"It’s said that on nights of terrible blizzards, it comes down to human settlements. If you hear it knocking at your door, do not open it!"
201,unown,They seem to communicate among each other telepathically. They are always found stuck on walls.
175,togepi,The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly.
134,vaporeon,"When this Pokémon’s fins begin to vibrate, it is a sign that rain will come within a few hours."
121,starmie,Its core shines in many colors and sends radio signals into space to communicate with something.
303,mawile,Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
261,poochyena,"It chases its prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it turns tail if the prey strikes back."
19,rattata,"Will chew on anything with its fangs. If you see one, you can be certain that 40 more live in the area."
509,purrloin,"They steal from people for fun, but their victims can’t help but forgive them. Their deceptively cute act is perfect."
61,poliwhirl,"The surface of this Pokémon’s body is always wet and slick with a slimy fluid. Because of this slippery covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle."
448,lucario,"It’s said that no foe can remain invisible to this Pokémon, since it can detect auras. Even foes it could not otherwise see."
480,uxie,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the ability to solve problems. It was the birth of knowledge."
96,drowzee,It can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams.
359,absol,It senses coming disasters and appears before people only to warn them of impending danger.
266,silcoon,"this Pokémon tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There, this POKéMON hangs quietly while itawaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole."
179,mareep,"Clothing made from this Pokémon’s fleece is easily charged with static electricity, so a special process is used on it."
216,teddiursa,It lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique.
367,huntail,It lives deep in the pitch-dark sea. It attracts prey by moving its tail in mimicry of a small animal.
188,skiploom,The bloom on top of its head opens and closes as the temperature fluctuates up and down.
305,lairon,this Pokémon tempers its steel body by drinking highly nutritious mineral springwater until it is bloated.This POKéMON makes its nest close to springs of delicious water.
674,pancham,It’s desperate to intimidate its opponents. Be nice and pretend to be scared if you catch it glaring at you intensely.
482,azelf,This Pokémon is said to have endowed humans with the determination needed to face any of life’s difficulties.
164,noctowl,"this Pokémon never fails at catching prey in darkness. This Pokémon owes its success to its superior vision that allows it to see in minimal light, and to its soft, supple wings that make no sound in flight."
66,machop,"Its whole body is composed of muscles. Even though it’s the size of a human child, it can hurl 100 grown-ups."
160,feraligatr,"this Pokémon intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed."
279,pelipper,"It is a messenger of the skies, carrying small Pokémon and eggs to safety in its bill."
20,raticate,"A this Pokémon’s sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses."
490,manaphy,It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond with any kind of Pokémon.
35,clefairy,It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of this Pokémon dancing under a full moon.
269,dustox,"A nocturnal Pokémon. Drawn by streetlights, they messily eat the leaves of trees lining boulevards."
138,omanyte,A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas.
615,cryogonal,They are born in snow clouds. They use chains made of ice crystals to capture prey.
296,makuhita,It toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest.
147,dratini,Even the young can exceed 6.5 feet in length. It grows larger by repeatedly shedding skin.
231,phanpy,"For its nest, this Pokémon digs a vertical pit in the ground at the edge of a river. It marks the area around its nest with its trunk to let the others know that the area has been claimed."
126,magmar,"When angered, it spouts brilliant fire from all over its body. It doesn’t calm down until its opponent has burned to ash."
292,shedinja,"A strange Pokémon--it flies without moving its wings, has a hollow shell for a body, and does not breathe."
623,golurk,Artillery platforms built into the walls of ancient castles served as perches from which this Pokémon could fire energy beams.
30,nidorina,The female's horn develops slowly. Prefers physicalattacks such as clawing and biting.
144,articuno,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird POKéMON that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air.As a result, it is said that when this POKéMON flies, snow will fall."
137,porygon,A man-made Pokémon created using advanced scientific means. It can move freely in cyberspace.
72,tentacool,this Pokémon absorbs sunlight and refracts it using water inside its body to convert it into beam energy.This POKéMON shoots beams from its crystal-like eyes.
245,suicune,This POKéMON races across the land. It is said thatnorth winds will somehow blow when­ ever it appears.
136,flareon,"It has a flame sac in its body. Its body temperature tops 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit before battle."
559,scraggy,"Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so it can reduce damage by defensively pulling its skin up to its neck."
163,hoothoot,"It marks time precisely. Some countries consider it to be a wise friend, versed in the world’s ways."
74,geodude,"Most people may not notice, but a closer lookshould reveal that there are many this Pokémon around."
239,elekid,Spinning its arms around to generate electricity makes the area between its horns shine light blue.
488,cresselia,"On nights around the quarter moon, the aurora from its tail extends and undulates beautifully."
675,pangoro,"From the slight twitches of its bamboo leaf, it deduces its opponent’s movements. It’s eager to tussle but kindhearted toward its companions."
181,ampharos,"The tip of its tail shines brightly. In the olden days, people sent signals using the tail’s light."
54,psyduck,"this Pokémon uses a mysterious power. When it does so, this POKéMON generates brain waves that aresupposedly only seen in sleepers. This discovery spurred controversy among scholars."
46,paras,"As its body grows large, oriental mushrooms namedtochukaso start sprouting out of its back."
223,remoraid,"this Pokémon sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When evolution draws near, this Pokémon travels downstream from rivers."
80,slowbro,An attached SHELLDER won't let go because of thetasty flavor that oozes out of its tail.
278,wingull,this Pokémon rides updrafts rising from the sea by extending its long and narrow wings to glide.This POKéMON’s long beak is useful for catching prey.
134,vaporeon,"When this Pokémon’s fins begin to vibrate, it is a sign that rain will come within a few hours."
645,landorus,"From the forces of lightning and wind, it creates energy to give nutrients to the soil and make the land abundant."
341,corphish,"No matter how dirty the water in the river, it will adapt and thrive. It has a strong will to survive."
859,impidimp,"Through its nose, it sucks in the emanations produced by people and Pokémon when they feel annoyed. It thrives off this negative energy."
546,cottonee,"When attacked, it escapes by shooting cotton from its body. The cotton serves as a decoy to distract the attacker."
57,primeape,"It will beat up anyone who makes it mad, even if ithas to chase them until the end of the world."
482,azelf,Known as “The Being of Willpower.” It sleeps at the bottom of a lake to keep the world in balance.
135,jolteon,"It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10,000-volt lightning bolts."
554,darumaka,"this Pokémon’s droppings are hot, so people used to put them in their clothes to keep themselves warm."
339,barboach,"this Pokémon’s sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system. This Pokémon hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers exposed while it waits for prey to come along."
637,volcarona,"As it flies, it scatters its flaming scales. It was feared by ancient people, who referred to it as “the rage of the sun.”"
365,walrein,"It shatters ice with its big tusks. Its thick blubber repels not only the cold, but also enemy attacks."
847,barraskewda,"This Pokémon has a jaw that’s as sharp as a spear and as strong as steel. Apparently this Pokémon’s flesh is surprisingly tasty, too."
79,slowpoke,"Its long tail often breaks off. It doesn’t really feel any pain, though, and the tail grows back, so this Pokémon isn’t particularly bothered."
872,snom,"It spits out thread imbued with a frigid sort of energy and uses it to tie its body to branches, disguising itself as an icicle while it sleeps."
250,ho-oh,this Pokémon’s feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light.These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This POKéMON is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.
14,kakuna,"Although it is a cocoon, it can move a little. It can extend its poison barb if it is attacked."
227,skarmory,A POKéMON that has a body and wings of steel. People in the past used feathers fallen from this Pokémon to make swords and knives.
285,shroomish,"If it senses danger, it scatters spores from the top of its head to protect itself."
125,electabuzz,Half of all blackouts occur when this Pokémon appears at power plants and eats electricity.
199,slowking,"When its head was bitten, toxins entered SLOWPOKE’s head and unlocked an extraordinary power."
362,glalie,It prevents prey from escaping by instantaneously freezing moisture in the air.
206,dunsparce,It travels by digging through the ground. Diglett and this Pokémon share one another’s tunnels happily.
240,magby,"Its body temperature is always around 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. If this Pokémon falls into a small- enough pond, the whole thing will dry up."
446,munchlax,"It hides food under its long body hair. However, it forgets it has hidden the food."
11,metapod,A steel-hard shell protects its tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution.
362,glalie,"It has a body of ice that won’t melt, even with fire. It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere."
383,groudon,This legendary Pokémon is said to represent the land. It went to sleep after dueling Kyogre.
11,metapod,"Its hard shell doesn’t crack a bit even if Pikipek pecks at it, but it will tip over, spilling out its insides."
379,registeel,this Pokémon has a body that is harder than any kind of metal. Its body is apparently hollow. No one has any idea what this Pokémon eats.
256,combusken,It lashes out with 10 kicks per second. Its strong fighting instinct compels it to keep up its offensive until the opponent gives up.
732,trumbeak,"By bending its beak, it can produce a variety of calls and brand itself a noisy nuisance for its neighbors."
13,weedle,"Often found in forests and grasslands. It has a sharp, toxic barb of around two inches on top of its head."
22,fearow,It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
179,mareep,"When cold weather increases static electricity, its wool doubles in size and the tip of its tail glows slightly."
102,exeggcute,"Even though it appears to be eggs of some sort, it was discovered to be a life-form more like plant seeds."
64,kadabra,It stares at its silver spoon to focus its mind. It emits more alpha waves while doing so.
127,pinsir,"It swings its long pincer horns wildly to attack. During cold periods, it hides deep in forests."
17,pidgeotto,This Pokémon is full of vitality. It constantly flies around its large territory in search of prey.
128,tauros,"When this Pokémon begins whipping itself with its tails, it’s a warning that the Pokémon is about to charge with astounding speed."
86,seel,Loves freezing-cold conditions. Relishes swimming in a frigid climate of around 14 degrees Fahrenheit.
475,gallade,"A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows."
183,marill,"The end of its tail serves as a buoy that keepsit from drowning, even in a vicious current."
570,zorua,"It changes into the forms of others to surprise them. Apparently, it often transforms into a silent child."
227,skarmory,"Despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor, it flies at speeds over 180 mph."
478,froslass,It freezes prey by blowing its -58 degrees F breath. It is said to then secretly display its prey.
138,omanyte,This Pokémon from ancient times is said to have navigated the sea by adeptly twisting its 10 tentacles.
440,happiny,It loves round white things. It carries an egg-shaped rock in imitation of CHANSEY.
59,arcanine,A POKéMON that has been admired since the pastfor its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.
543,venipede,It discovers what is going on around it by using the feelers on its head and tail. It is brutally aggressive.
312,minun,Its dislike of water makes it take shelter under the eaves of houses in rain. It uses pom-poms made of sparks for cheering.
185,sudowoodo,"To avoid attack, it mimics a tree. It will run off if splashed with water, which it hates."
131,lapras,"It likes swimming around with people on its back. In the Alola region, it’s an important means of transportation over water."
175,togepi,"It transforms the kindness and joy of others into happiness, which it stores in its shell."
60,poliwag,"this Pokémon has a very thin skin. It is possible to see the Pokémon’s spiral innards right through the skin. Despite its thinness, however, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it."
706,goodra,"This very friendly Dragon-type Pokémon will hug its beloved Trainer, leaving that Trainer covered in sticky slime."
462,magnezone,"A group tried to use scientific means to make this Pokémon evolve, but their efforts ended in failure."
260,swampert,"this Pokémon predicts storms by sensing subtle differences in the sounds of waves and tidal winds with its fins. If a storm is approaching, it piles up boulders to protect itself."
68,machamp,It can lift heavy loads with the greatest of ease. It can even heft dump trucks. But its clumsy fingers prevent it from doing any precision work.
386,deoxys,An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon.
33,nidorino,"this Pokémon has a horn that is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its backbristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might."
212,scizor,Its wings are not used for flying. They are flapped at high speed to adjust its body temperature.
331,cacnea,It lives in arid locations. Its yellow flowers bloom once a year.
381,latios,It understands human speech and is highly intelligent. It is a tender Pokémon that dislikes fighting.
615,cryogonal,They are born in snow clouds. They use chains made of ice crystals to capture prey.
171,lanturn,"It lives far down in the depths of the ocean. It blinds its prey with light, using the moment they’re dazzled to swallow them whole."
9,blastoise,"Once it takes aim at its enemy, it blasts out water with even more force than a fire hose."
569,garbodor,"Some say the reason this Pokémon in Alola are a little stronger than their counterparts elsewhere is the presence of Muk, their natural enemy."
798,kartana,"Although it’s alien to this world and a danger here, it’s apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives."
636,larvesta,"This Pokémon was believed to have been born from the sun. When it evolves, its entire body is engulfed in flames."
307,meditite,It always trains deep in mountains. It levitates when it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
25,pikachu,It occasionally uses an electric shock to recharge a fellow this Pokémon that is in a weakened state.
185,sudowoodo,The result of its holding the same pose all the time is arms that have become supple yet strong.
30,nidorina,The horn on its head has atrophied. It’s thought that this happens so this Pokémon’s children won’t get poked while their mother is feeding them.
190,aipom,It lives high among the treetops. It can use its tail as freely and cleverly as its hands.
193,yanma,this Pokémon is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept atmaking sudden stops and turning midair. This POKéMON uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey.
282,gardevoir,It apparently does not feel the pull of gravity because it supports itself with psychic power. It will give its life to protect its TRAINER.
441,chatot,"Its tongue is just like a human’s. As a result, it can cleverly mimic human speech."
118,goldeen,"During spawning season, they swim gracefully in thewater, searching for their perfect mate."
411,bastiodon,"When they lined up side by side, no foe could break through. They shielded their young in that way."
332,cacturne,"During the daytime, this Pokémon remains unmoving so that it does not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun. This Pokémon becomes active at night when the temperature drops."
36,clefable,"Their ears are sensitive enough to hear a pin drop from over a mile away, so they’re usually found in quiet places."
384,rayquaza,"It flies forever through the ozone layer, consuming meteoroids for sustenance. The many meteoroids in its body provide the energy it needs to Mega Evolve."
870,falinks,"Five of them are troopers, and one is the brass. The brass’s orders are absolute."
19,rattata,"It eats anything. Wherever food is available, it will settle down and produce offspring continuously."
3,venusaur,"By spreading the broad petals of its flower and catching the sun’s rays, it fills its body with power."
398,staraptor,It never stops attacking even if it is injured. It fusses over the shape of its comb.
392,infernape,It tosses its enemies around with agility. It uses all its limbs to fight in its own unique style.
232,donphan,"It has sharp, hard tusks and a rugged hide. Its Tackle is strong enough to knock down a house."
108,lickitung,Its tongue is twice the length of its body. It can be moved like an arm for grabbing food and attacking.
752,araquanid,"Despite what its appearance suggests, it cares for others. If it finds vulnerable, weak Pokémon, it protectively brings them into its water bubble."
281,kirlia,The cheerful spirit of its Trainer gives it energy for its psychokinetic power. It spins and dances when happy.
165,ledyba,"It is so timid, it can’t move if it isn’t with a swarm of others. It conveys its feelings with scent."
219,magcargo,Its body is as hot as lava and is always billowing. Flames will occasionally burst from its shell.
36,clefable,"They appear to be very protective of their own world.It is a kind of fairy, rarely seen by people."
240,magby,"this Pokémon’s state of health is determined by observing the fire it breathes. If the Pokémon is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames."
674,pancham,"There’s no point to the leaf in its mouth, aside from an effort to look cool. It’s mischievous, so it’s not well suited to inexperienced Trainers."
144,articuno,A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear todoomed people who are lost in icy mountains.
401,kricketot,"When its antennae hit each other, it sounds like the music of a xylophone."
204,pineco,It hangs and waits for flying insect prey to come near.It does not move about much on its own.
228,houndour,"To corner prey, they check each other's locationusing barks that only they can understand."
221,piloswine,"Although its legs are short, its rugged hoovesprevent it from slipping, even on icy ground."
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer.
359,absol,"this Pokémon has the ability to foretell the coming of natural disasters. It lives in a harsh, rugged mountainenvironment. This POKéMON very rarely ventures down from the mountains."
612,haxorus,"Its tusks are incredibly destructive. They can easily slice through a thick, sturdy steel column every time."
118,goldeen,"A strong swimmer, it is capable of swimming nonstopup fast streams at a steady speed of five knots."
2,ivysaur,"When the bud on its back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower’s coming bloom."
371,bagon,"Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day."
876,indeedee,"It uses the horns on its head to sense the emotions of others. Males will act as valets for those they serve, looking after their every need."
138,omanyte,"Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can begenetically resurrected from fossils."
81,magnemite,"this Pokémon attaches itself to power lines to feed on electricity. If your house has a power outage, check your circuit breakers. You may find a large number of this Pokémon clinging to the breaker box."
680,doublade,"The complex attack patterns of its two swords are unstoppable, even for an opponent greatly accomplished at swordplay."
145,zapdos,this Pokémon is a legendary bird POKéMON that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds.The POKéMON gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts.
327,spinda,The chances of two this Pokémon having identical spot patterns is less than one in four billion.
598,ferrothorn,"They attach themselves to cave ceilings, firing steel spikes at targets passing beneath them."
61,poliwhirl,The spiral pattern on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it gradually causes drowsiness.
44,gloom,The fluid that oozes from its mouth isn't drool.It is a nectar that is used to attract prey.
260,swampert,"Its arms are hard as rock. With one swing, it can break a boulder into pieces."
196,espeon,"Its fur is so sensitive, it can feel minute shifts in the air and predict the weather...and its foes’ thoughts."
311,plusle,It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
674,pancham,"It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies, but its glare is not sufficiently intimidating. Chewing on a leaf is its trademark."
571,zoroark,"This Pokémon cares deeply about others of its kind, and it will conjure terrifying illusions to keep its den and pack safe."
585,deerling,Their coloring changes according to the seasons and can be slightly affected by the temperature and humidity as well.
105,marowak,It collects bones from an unknown place. Some whisper that a this Pokémon graveyard exists somewhere in the world.
95,onix,"When it travels underground, it causes rumbling and tremors. It can move at 50 mph."
60,poliwag,The direction of its belly spiral differs by area.The equator is thought to have an effect on this.
440,happiny,"It carefully carries a round, white rock that it thinks is an egg. It’s bothered by how curly its hair looks."
254,sceptile,The leaves on its forelegs are as sharp as swords. It agilely leaps about the branches of trees to strike.
42,golbat,"Sometimes they drink so much blood, they can’t fly anymore. Then they fall to the ground and become food for other Pokémon."
172,pichu,"It is still inept at retaining electricity. When it is startled, it discharges power accidentally. It gets better at holding power as it grows older."
47,parasect,"When nothing's left to extract from the bug, themushrooms on its back leave spores on the bug's egg."
388,grotle,It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokémon there on its back.
553,krookodile,It conceals itself in sandstorms that Flygon whip up and waits patiently for prey to appear.
513,pansear,"Very intelligent, it roasts berries before eating them. It likes to help people."
225,delibird,It carries food rolled up in its tail. It has the habit of sharing food with people lost in mountains.
617,accelgor,It moves with blinding speed and lobs poison at foes. Featuring this Pokémon as a main character is a surefire way to make a movie or comic popular.
452,drapion,It has the power in its clawed arms to make scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison.
791,solgaleo,"In writings from the distant past, it’s called by the name “the beast that devours the sun.”"
223,remoraid,"this Pokémon sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When evolution draws near, this Pokémon travels downstream from rivers."
543,venipede,"Using the feelers on its head and tail, it picks up vibrations in the air to determine its prey’s location and state."
556,maractus,"With noises that could be mistaken for the rattles of maracas, it creates an upbeat rhythm, startling bird Pokémon and making them fly off in a hurry."
409,rampardos,"If two were to smash their heads together, their foot-thick skulls would keep them from fainting."
145,zapdos,A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. It freely controls lightning bolts.
469,yanmega,"By churning its wings, it creates shock waves that inflict critical internal injuries to foes."
317,swalot,It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
390,chimchar,Its fiery rear end is fueled by gas made in its belly. Even rain can’t extinguish the fire.
253,grovyle,Its strongly developed thigh muscles give it astounding agility and jumping performance.
161,sentret,"When acting as a lookout, it warns others of dangerby screeching and hitting the ground with its tail."
71,victreebel,"This horrifying plant Pokémon attracts prey with aromatic honey, then melts them in its mouth."
309,electrike,Static electricity builds up all over its body as strands of its long fur rub together. This Pokémon boasts incredible speed.
374,beldum,"The cells in this Pokémon’s body are composed of magnetic material. Instead of blood, magnetic forces flow through this Pokémon’s body."
50,diglett,"It prefers dark places. It spends most of its timeunderground, though it may pop up in caves."
543,venipede,It discovers what is going on around it by using the feelers on its head and tail. It is brutally aggressive.
360,wynaut,It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
97,hypno,"When it is very hungry, it puts humans it meets tosleep, then it feasts on their dreams."
8,wartortle,"It is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity."
592,frillish,"With its thin, veil-like arms wrapped around the body of its opponent, it sinks to the ocean floor."
127,pinsir,"this Pokémon has a pair of massive horns. Protruding from the surface of these horns are thorns. These thorns are driven deeply into the foe’s body when the pincer closes, making it tough for the foe to escape."
228,houndour,"It cooperates with others skillfully. When it becomes your partner, it’s very loyal to you as its Trainer and will obey your orders."
776,turtonator,Eating sulfur in its volcanic habitat is what causes explosive compounds to develop in its shell. Its droppings are also dangerously explosive.
354,banette,This Pokémon developed from an abandoned doll that amassed a grudge. It is seen in dark alleys.
772,type-null,"A Pokémon weapon developed for a specific mission, it went berserk during an experiment, so it was cryogenically frozen."
128,tauros,"After heightening its will to fight by whipping itselfwith its three tails, it charges at full speed."
367,huntail,It lives deep in the sea where no light ever filters down. It lights up its small fishlike tail to attract prey.
417,pachirisu,It’s one of the kinds of Pokémon with electric cheek pouches. It shoots charges from its tail.
286,breloom,Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
171,lanturn,this Pokémon’s light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed “The Deep-Sea Star.”
128,tauros,"When it targets an enemy, it charges furiously while whipping its body with its long tails."
444,gabite,It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves and hoards the loot in its nest.
65,alakazam,The spoons clutched in its hands are said to have been created by its psychic powers.
370,luvdisc,this Pokémon’s heart-shaped body is a symbol of love and romance. It is said that any couple meeting thisPOKéMON is promised a loving relationship that never ends.
245,suicune,this Pokémon embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gliding elegance. It has the power to purify dirty water.
32,nidoran-m,The male NIDORAN has developed muscles that freely move its ears in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this POKéMON’s notice.
856,hatenna,"Via the protrusion on its head, it senses other creatures’ emotions. If you don’t have a calm disposition, it will never warm up to you."
7,squirtle,"It shelters itself in its shell, then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity."
375,metang,"It adores magnetic minerals, so it pursues Nosepass at speeds exceeding 60 mph."
11,metapod,"This POKéMON is vulnerable to attack while itsshell is soft, exposing its weak and tender body."
639,terrakion,This Pokémon came to the defense of Pokémon that had lost their homes in a war among humans.
72,tentacool,"Because its body is almost entirely composed of water, it shrivels up if it is washed ashore."
462,magnezone,"It’s thought that a special magnetic field changed the molecular structure of this Pokémon’s body, and that’s what caused the Pokémon’s evolution."
661,fletchling,Its body is always warm. Trainers who live in cold areas apparently sleep with it in their bed.
532,timburr,These Pokémon appear at building sites and help out with construction. They always carry squared logs.
389,torterra,Groups of this Pokémon migrating in search of water have been mistaken for “moving forests.”
359,absol,It appears from deep in the mountains to warn people about upcoming disasters it has sensed with its horn.
543,venipede,"Using the feelers on its head and tail, it picks up vibrations in the air to determine its prey’s location and state."
379,registeel,this Pokémon’s body is made of a strange material that is flexible enough to stretch and shrink but also more durable than any metal.
319,sharpedo,this Pokémon can swim at speeds of up to 75 mph by jetting seawater out of its backside.This POKéMON’s drawback is its inability to swim long distances.
606,beheeyem,"Whenever a this Pokémon visits a farm, a Dubwool mysteriously disappears."
95,onix,"It rapidly bores through the ground at 50 mph by squirming and twisting its massive, rugged body."
149,dragonite,It can circle the globe in just 16 hours. It is a kindhearted POKéMON that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.
412,burmy,"Even if it is born where there are no cocooning materials, it somehow always ends up with a cloak."
21,spearow,"Inept at flying high. However, it can fly around very fast to protect its territory."
581,swanna,"Despite their elegant appearance, they can flap their wings strongly and fly for thousands of miles."
8,wartortle,"Its tail is large and covered with a rich, thick fur. The tail becomes increasingly deeper in color as this Pokémon ages. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pokémon’s toughness as a battler."
618,stunfisk,"Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt even if stepped on by sumo wrestlers. It smiles when transmitting electricity."
770,palossand,Each of its grains of sand has its own will. this Pokémon eats small Pokémon and siphons away their vital essence while they’re still alive.
250,ho-oh,Its feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness.
42,golbat,Its sharp fangs puncture the toughest of hides and have small holes for greedily sucking blood.
161,sentret,"When this Pokémon sleeps, it does so while another stands guard. The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger.When this POKéMON becomes separated from its pack, it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear."
408,cranidos,It was resurrected from an iron ball-like fossil. It downs prey with its headbutts.
265,wurmple,"Often targeted by bird Pokémon, it desperately resists by releasing poison from its tail spikes."
189,jumpluff,this Pokémon ride warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. This POKéMON lands when it encounters cold air while it is floating.
408,cranidos,"A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with headbutts."
20,raticate,"Its whiskers help it to maintain balance. Its fangsnever stop grow­ ing, so it gnaws to pare them down."
117,seadra,An examination of its cells revealed the presence of agene not found in HORSEA. It became a hot topic.
86,seel,"Although it can't walk well on land, it is a gracefulswimmer. It espe­ cially loves being in frigid seas."
744,rockruff,This Pokémon has lived with people since times long ago. It can sense when its Trainer is in the dumps and will stick close by its Trainer’s side.
356,dusclops,"this Pokémon absorbs anything, however large the object may be. This POKéMON hypnotizes its foe by waving its handsin a macabre manner and by bringing its single eye to bear. The hypnotized foe is made to do this Pokémon’s bidding."
622,golett,Ancient science fashioned this Pokémon from clay. It’s been active for thousands of years.
305,lairon,"this Pokémon live in mountains brimming with spring water and iron ore, so these Pokémon often came into conflict with humans in the past."
264,linoone,"When hunting, this Pokémon will make a beeline straight for the prey at a full run. While this POKéMON is capable oftopping 60 mph, it has to come to a screeching halt before it can turn."
322,numel,"this Pokémon is extremely dull witted—it doesn’t notice being hit. However, it can’t stand hunger for even a second. This Pokémon’s body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma."
602,tynamo,"While one alone doesn’t have much power, a chain of many this Pokémon can be as powerful as lightning."
102,exeggcute,Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
624,pawniard,"Ignoring their injuries, groups attack by sinking the blades that cover their bodies into their prey."
534,conkeldurr,"When going all out, this Pokémon throws aside its concrete pillars and leaps at opponents to pummel them with its fists."
123,scyther,"It slashes through grass with its sharp scythes, moving too fast for the human eye to track."
412,burmy,"To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves."
126,magmar,"Found near the mouth of a volcano. This fire-breather’s body temperature is nearly 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit."
52,meowth,Adores circular objects. Wanders the streets on anightly basis to look for dropped loose change.
670,floette,"When the flowers of a well-tended flower bed bloom, it appears and celebrates with an elegant dance."
312,minun,"It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks."
88,grimer,It was born when sludge in a dirty stream was exposed to the moon’s X-rays. It appears among filth.
563,cofagrigus,Grave robbers who mistake them for real coffins and get too close end up trapped inside their bodies.
208,steelix,"Tempered underground under high pressure and heat, its body is harder than any metal."
463,lickilicky,It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to it will leave you soaked with drool.
120,staryu,"Even if its body is torn, it can regenerate as longas the glowing central core re­ mains intact."
68,machamp,Its four muscled arms slam foes with powerful punches and chops at blinding speed.
177,natu,"It picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move."
143,snorlax,"It is not satisfied unless it eats over 880 pounds of food every day. When it is done eating, it goes promptly to sleep."
702,dedenne,Its upper whiskers are sensors that survey its surroundings. Its lower whiskers are organs that shoot electricity.
136,flareon,"When storing thermal energy in its body, itstemperature could soar to over 1600 degrees."
280,ralts,"this Pokémon has the ability to sense the emotions of people. If its Trainer is in a cheerful mood, this Pokémon grows cheerful and joyous in the same way."
151,mew,"Its DNA is said to contain the genet­ ic codes of allPOKéMON, so it can use all kinds of techniques."
127,pinsir,"It gets into territorial disputes with Vikavolt. For some reason, it apparently gets along well with Heracross in Alola."
80,slowbro,"this Pokémon’s tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can’t be used for fishing anymore. This causes this Pokémon to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead."
77,ponyta,Capable of jumping incredibly high. Its hooves andsturdy legs absorb the impact of a hard landing.
277,swellow,"this Pokémon flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This POKéMON dives at a steep angle assoon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by this Pokémon’s clawed feet, preventing escape."
164,noctowl,"this Pokémon never fails at catching prey in darkness. This Pokémon owes its success to its superior vision that allows it to see in minimal light, and to its soft, supple wings that make no sound in flight."
456,finneon,The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night.
153,bayleef,A spicy aroma emanates from around its neck. The aroma acts as a stimulant to restore health.
319,sharpedo,Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.”
676,furfrou,"Left alone, its fur will grow longer and longer, but it will only allow someone it trusts to cut it."
17,pidgeotto,"It flies over its wide territory in search of prey, downing it with its highly developed claws."
218,slugma,"A common sight in volcanic areas, it slowly slithers around in a constant search for warm places."
5,charmeleon,"When it swings its burning tail, it elevates thetemperature to unbearably high levels."
464,rhyperior,It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. Geodude are shot at rare times.
37,vulpix,"While young, it has six gorgeous tails. When it grows, several new tails are sprouted."
245,suicune,It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
231,phanpy,It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
431,glameow,"When it’s happy, this Pokémon demonstrates beautiful movements of its tail, like a dancing ribbon."
2,ivysaur,"There is a bud on this POKéMON’s back. To support its weight, this Pokémon’s legs and trunk grow thick and strong.If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight, it’s a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon."
151,mew,A POKéMON of South America that was thought to have been extinct. It is very intelligent and learns any move.
346,cradily,this Pokémon roams around the ocean floor in search of food. This POKéMON freely extends its tree trunk-like neck andcaptures unwary prey using its eight tentacles.
168,ariados,A single strand of a special string is endlessly spunout of its rear. The string leads back to its nest.
134,vaporeon,Its cell structure is similar to water molecules. It melts into the water and becomes invisible.
809,melmetal,"Revered long ago for its capacity to create iron from nothing, for some reason it has come back to life after 3,000 years."
248,tyranitar,"In just one of its mighty hands, it has the power tomake the ground shake and moun­ tains crumble."
164,noctowl,"this Pokémon never fails at catching prey in darkness. This POKéMON owes its success to its superior vision thatallows it to see in minimal light, and to its soft,  supple wings that make no sound in flight."
544,whirlipede,This Pokémon spins itself rapidly and charges into its opponents. Its top speed is just over 60 mph.
31,nidoqueen,"It uses its scaly, rugged body to seal the entranceof its nest and protect its young from predators."
185,sudowoodo,"It disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining."
139,omastar,It is thought that this Pokémon became extinct because its spiral shell grew too large.
651,quilladin,It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators’ attacks. It counterattacks with its sharp quills.
101,electrode,It stores electric energy under very high pressure. It often explodes with little or no provocation.
108,lickitung,"Whenever this Pokémon comes across something new, it will unfailingly give it a lick. It does so because it memorizes things by texture and by taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things."
126,magmar,"The hotter the place, the better they feel. this Pokémon in Alola are said to be hardier than those in other areas."
225,delibird,It carries food rolled up in its tail. It has the habit of sharing food with people lost in mountains.
189,jumpluff,"Once it catches the wind, it deft­ ly controls itscotton-puff spores to float, even around the world."
148,dragonair,"If its body takes on an aura, the weather changes instantly. It is said to live in seas and lakes."
101,electrode,It stores an overflowing amount of electric energy inside its body. Even a small shock makes it explode.
75,graveler,this Pokémon make their homes on sheer cliff faces by gouging out numerous horizontal holes.
405,luxray,"When its eyes gleam gold, it can spot hiding prey—even those taking shelter behind a wall."
606,beheeyem,"Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three fingers, but those patterns haven’t been decoded."
74,geodude,It uses its arms to steadily climb steep mountain paths. It swings its fists around if angered.
223,remoraid,"This Pokémon clings to Mantine and shares in its prosperity. When its Mantine is attacked, this Pokémon will fight alongside it!"
454,toxicroak,"It has a poison sac at its throat. When it croaks, the stored poison is churned for greater potency."
311,plusle,It cheers on partners while scattering sparks from its body. It climbs telephone poles to absorb electricity.
368,gorebyss,"A this Pokémon siphons the body fluids of prey through its thin, tubular mouth. Its light pink body color turns vivid when it finishes feeding."
72,tentacool,"When the tide goes out, dehydrated this Pokémon remains can be found washed up on the shore."
428,lopunny,"Once hot seasons are over, this Pokémon’s coat will be replaced with fur that holds a lot of insulating air in preparation for colder weather."
151,mew,"Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe this Pokémon to be the ancestor of Pokémon."
93,haunter,"In total darkness, where nothing is visible, this Pokémon lurks, silently stalking its next victim."
228,houndour,It uses different kinds of cries for communicating with others of its kind and for pursuing its prey.
474,porygon-z,Its programming was modified to enable work in alien dimensions. It did not work as planned.
552,krokorok,"Thanks to the special membrane covering its eyes, it can see its surroundings clearly, even in the middle of the night."
553,krookodile,"Very violent Pokémon, they try to clamp down on anything that moves in front of their eyes."
70,weepinbell,A Pokémon that appears to be a plant. It captures unwary prey by dousing them with a toxic powder.
199,slowking,Being bitten by Shellder gave it intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists.
223,remoraid,The water they shoot from their mouths can hit moving prey from more than 300 feet away.
166,ledian,"When the stars flicker in the night sky, it flutters about, scattering a glowing powder."
469,yanmega,This six-legged Pokémon is easily capable of transporting an adult in flight. The wings on its tail help it stay balanced.
52,meowth,"It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly."
173,cleffa,"On nights with many shooting stars, this Pokémon can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance through the night and stoponly at the break of day, when these POKéMON quench their thirst with the morning dew."
430,honchkrow,"If one utters a deep cry, many Murkrow gather quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.”"
273,seedot,"When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon."
136,flareon,"It stores some of the air it inhales in its internal flame pouch, which heats it to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit."
250,ho-oh,Its feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness.
81,magnemite,"The faster the units at its sides rotate, the greater the magnetic force they generate."
54,psyduck,"If it uses its mysterious power, this Pokémon can’t remember having done so. It apparently can’t form a memory of such an event because it goes into an altered state that is much like deep sleep."
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can’t help breaking out into a dance."
112,rhydon,"this Pokémon has a horn that serves as a drill. It is used for destroying rocks and boulders.This POKéMON occasionally rams into streams of magma, but the armor-like hide prevents it from feeling the heat."
430,honchkrow,"If one utters a deep cry, many Murkrow gather quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.”"
237,hitmontop,"this Pokémon spins on its head at high speed, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense at the same time. The Pokémon travels faster spinning than it does walking."
565,carracosta,"It could knock out a foe with a slap from one of its developed front appendages and chew it up, shell or bones and all."
36,clefable,"Their ears are sensitive enough to hear a pin drop from over a mile away, so they’re usually found in quiet places."
706,goodra,It attacks with retractable horns. It throws a punch that’s the equivalent of the force of a hundred pro boxers.
60,poliwag,"The swirl on its belly is its internal organs showing through. If the swirl is tinged white, that means it’s affected by some disease."
248,tyranitar,"this Pokémon is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest.This POKéMON wanders about in mountains seeking new opponents to fight."
496,servine,"When it gets dirty, its leaves can’t be used in photosynthesis, so it always keeps itself clean."
182,bellossom,this Pokémon gather at times and seem to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.
305,lairon,"this Pokémon feeds on iron contained in rocks and water. It makes its nest on mountains where iron ore is buried.As a result, the POKéMON often clashes with humans mining the iron ore."
524,roggenrola,"Its ear is hexagonal in shape. Compressed underground, its body is as hard as steel."
271,lombre,"It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere."
35,clefairy,"They’re popular, but they’re rare. Trainers who show them off recklessly may be targeted by thieves."
267,beautifly,"this Pokémon has a long mouth like a coiled needle, which is very convenient for collecting pollen from flowers. This Pokémon rides the spring winds as it flits around gathering pollen."
235,smeargle,The color of the mysterious fluid secreted from itstail is predeter­ mined for each this Pokémon.
372,shelgon,"Inside this Pokémon’s armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body. This Pokémon’s shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish."
115,kangaskhan,"If you come across a young this Pokémon playing by itself, you must never disturb it or attempt to catch it. The baby Pokémon’s parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged at you."
47,parasect,"this Pokémon is known to infest large trees en masse and drain nutrients from the lower trunk and roots. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once."
355,duskull,"If it finds bad children who won’t listen to their parents, it will spirit them away--or so it’s said."
131,lapras,It loves crossing the sea with people and Pokémon on its back. It understands human speech.
581,swanna,"Despite their elegant appearance, they can flap their wings strongly and fly for thousands of miles."
329,vibrava,"It generates ultrasonic waves by violently flapping its wings. After making its prey faint, it melts the prey with acid."
40,wigglytuff,"Their fur feels so good that if two of them snuggletogether, they won't want to be separated."
6,charizard,"Its wings can carry this Pokémon close to an altitude of 4,600 feet. It blows out fire at very high temperatures."
163,hoothoot,"It marks time precisely. Some countries consider it to be a wise friend, versed in the world’s ways."
61,poliwhirl,"The surface of this Pokémon’s body is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this greasy covering, it caneasily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle."
57,primeape,"It is always outrageously furious. If it gives chase, it will tenaciously track the target no matter how far."
751,dewpider,It crawls onto the land in search of food. Its water bubble allows it to breathe and protects its soft head.
336,seviper,"For many generations, it has feuded with ZANGOOSE. It whets its bladed tail on rocks for battle."
435,skuntank,It sprays a stinky fluid from its tail. The fluid smells worse the longer it is allowed to fester.
227,skarmory,"this Pokémon’s steel wings become tattered and bashed in from repeated battles. Once a year, the battered wings growback completely, restoring the cutting edges to their pristine state."
452,drapion,It has the power in its clawed arms to make scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison.
54,psyduck,"this Pokémon is constantly beset by headaches. If the Pokémon lets its strange power erupt, apparently the pain subsides for a while."
437,bronzong,"Some believe it to be a deity that summons rain clouds. When angered, it lets out a warning cry that rings out like the tolling of a bell."
330,flygon,"The flapping of its wings sounds something like singing. Those lured by the sound are enveloped in a sandstorm, becoming this Pokémon’s prey."
247,pupitar,"Its shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it is also very strong. Its thrashing can topple a mountain."
464,rhyperior,"From holes in its palms, it fires out Geodude. Its carapace can withstand volcanic eruptions."
567,archeops,"It needs a running start to take off. If this Pokémon wants to fly, it first needs to run nearly 25 mph, building speed over a course of about 2.5 miles."
82,magneton,"this Pokémon emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to electronics and precision instruments. Because of this, it is said that some towns warn people to keep this Pokémon inside a Poké Ball."
316,gulpin,Most of this Pokémon’s body is made up of its stomach - its heart and brain are very small in comparison.This POKéMON’s stomach contains special enzymes that dissolve anything.
241,miltank,"It is said that kids who drink this Pokémon’s milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults."
354,banette,A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge of being thrown away. It seeks the child who disowned it.
94,gengar,"On the night of a full moon, if shadows move on their own and laugh, it must be this Pokémon’s doing."
132,ditto,"While it can transform into anything, each this Pokémon apparently has its own strengths and weaknesses when it comes to transformations."
55,golduck,A Pokémon that lives in lakes. It swims faster than any human swimming champion.
109,koffing,"this Pokémon embodies toxic substances. It mixes the toxins with raw garbage to set off a chemical reaction thatresults in a terribly powerful poison gas. The higher the temperature, the more gas is concocted by this POKéMON."
73,tentacruel,"Although these Pokémon are rare, when a large outbreak of them occurs, all fish Pokémon disappear from the surrounding sea."
547,whimsicott,"This nuisance sneaks into people’s homes, where it hides important things and scatters cotton all over the place."
520,tranquill,"No matter where in the world it goes, it knows where its nest is, so it never gets separated from its Trainer."
212,scizor,Its wings are not used for flying. They are flappedat high speed to adjust its body temperature.
9,blastoise,this Pokémon has water spouts that protrude from its shell. The water spouts are very accurate. They can shoot bullets of water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
216,teddiursa,"If it finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It always licks its paws because they are soaked with honey."
441,chatot,"Its tongue is just like a human’s. As a result, it can cleverly mimic human speech."
257,blaziken,"Flames spout from its wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes."
299,nosepass,It hunts without twitching a muscle by pulling in its prey with powerful magnetism. But sometimes it pulls natural enemies in close.
333,swablu,It constantly grooms its cotton-like wings. It takes a shower to clean itself if it becomes dirty.
19,rattata,"this Pokémon is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around.It is not picky about where it lives - it will make its nest anywhere."
255,torchic,this Pokémon has a place inside its body where it keeps its flame. Give it a hug - it will be glowing with warmth.This POKéMON is covered all over by a fluffy coat of down.
605,elgyem,"It uses its strong psychic power to squeeze its opponent’s brain, causing unendurable headaches."
316,gulpin,Most of this Pokémon’s body is made up of its stomach—its heart and brain are very small in comparison. This Pokémon’s stomach contains special enzymes that dissolve anything.
623,golurk,this Pokémon were created to protect people and Pokémon. They run on a mysterious energy.
218,slugma,"Molten magma courses throughout this Pokémon’s circulatory system. If this POKéMON is chilled, the magmacools and hardens. Its body turns brittle and chunks fall off, reducing its size."
192,sunflora,It gets energy from warm sunlight and is known for its habit of moving in pursuit of it.
232,donphan,"It has sharp, hard tusks and a rugged hide. Its TACKLE is strong enough to knock down a house."
620,mienshao,"Using the long fur on its arms like whips, it launches into combo attacks that, once started, no one can stop."
98,krabby,"If it senses danger approaching, it cloaks itself with bubbles from its mouth so it will look bigger."
783,hakamo-o,It sheds and regrows its scales on a continuous basis. The scales become harder and sharper each time they’re regrown.
377,regirock,"Cutting-edge technology was used to study the internals of this Pokémon’s rock body, but nothing was found—not even a brain or a heart."
516,simipour,"The high-pressure water expelled from its tail is so powerful, it can destroy a concrete wall."
369,relicanth,this Pokémon is a POKéMON species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form.This ancient POKéMON feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth.
481,mesprit,It sleeps at the bottom of a lake. Its spirit is said to leave its body to fly on the lake’s surface.
5,charmeleon,"this Pokémon mercilessly destroys its foes using its sharp claws. If it encounters a strong foe, it turns aggressive. In this excited state, the flame at the tip of its tail flares with a bluish white color."
16,pidgey,"It rapidly flaps its wings in the grass, stirring upa dust cloud that drives insect prey out into the open."
181,ampharos,"The tip of its tail shines brightly. In the olden days, people sent signals using the tail’s light."
97,hypno,"When it is very hungry, it puts humans it meets to sleep, then it feasts on their dreams."
59,arcanine,A POKéMON that has long been admired for its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.
137,porygon,"This Pokémon was created using the cutting-edge science of 20 years ago, so many parts of it have since become obsolete."
91,cloyster,Excavation of the tombs of ancient hunting tribes has turned up many spears tipped with spikes that had fallen off this Pokémon’s shell.
732,trumbeak,"From its mouth, it fires the seeds of berries it has eaten. The scattered seeds give rise to new plants."
329,vibrava,"It violently shudders its wings, generating ultrasonic waves to induce headaches in people."
491,darkrai,"It chases people and Pokémon from its territory by causing them to experience deep, nightmarish slumbers."
78,rapidash,"When at an all-out gallop, its blazing mane sparkles, enhancing its beautiful appearance."
796,xurkitree,"They’ve been dubbed Ultra Beasts. Some of them stand unmoving, like trees, with their arms and legs stuck into the ground."
555,darmanitan,"Its internal fire burns at 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit, making enough power that it can destroy a dump truck with one punch."
317,swalot,It can swallow a tire whole in one gulp. It secretes a horribly toxic fluid from the pores on its body.
188,skiploom,It blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible.
713,avalugg,The way several Bergmite huddle on its back makes it look like an aircraft carrier made of ice.
47,parasect,"The bug is mostly dead, with the mushroom on its back having become the main body. If the mushroom comes off, the bug stops moving."
422,shellos,"Its shape and coloration vary, depending on its habitat."
103,exeggutor,Living in a good environment makes it grow lots ofheads. A head that drops off becomes an EXEGGCUTE.
139,omastar,It wraps its prey in its tentacles to immobilize them and then finishes them off with its sharp fangs.
399,bidoof,It constantly gnaws on logs and rocks to whittle down its front teeth. It nests alongside water.
149,dragonite,This marine Pokémon has an impressive build that lets it freely fly over raging seas without trouble.
142,aerodactyl,This vicious Pokémon is said to have flown in ancient skies while shrieking high-pitched cries.
328,trapinch,Its jaws are strong enough to crush rocks but so heavy that it can’t get up if it flips over. Sandile seize those moments as their chance.
99,kingler,"It waves its huge, oversized claw in the air to communicate with others. But since the claw is so heavy, this POKéMON quickly tires."
133,eevee,Its irregularly configured DNA is affected by itssurroundings. It evolves if its en­ vironment changes.
328,trapinch,It makes an inescapable conical pit and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
321,wailord,"The biggest of all Pokémon. It can dive to a depth of almost 10,000 feet on only one breath."
177,natu,"It picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move."
526,gigalith,"Although its energy blasts can blow away a dump truck, they have a limitation— they can only be fired when the sun is out."
393,piplup,"A poor walker, it often falls down. However, its strong pride makes it puff up its chest without a care."
311,plusle,"It has the trait of cheering on its fellow POKéMON. By shorting out the electricity it releases from its paws, it creates pom-poms for cheering."
300,skitty,"It can’t stop itself from chasing moving things, and it runs in a circle, chasing its own tail."
117,seadra,Its body bristles with sharp spikes. Carelessly trying to touch it could cause fainting from the spikes.
66,machop,Very powerful in spite of its small size. Its mastery of many types of martial arts makes it very tough.
814,raboot,Its thick and fluffy fur protects it from the cold and enables it to use hotter fire moves.
33,nidorino,"It has a violent disposition and stabs foes with its horn, which oozes poison upon impact."
128,tauros,"This Pokémon is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for this Pokémon to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself."
29,nidoran-f,A mild-mannered Pokémon that does not like to fight. Beware—its small horn secretes venom.
272,ludicolo,"The rhythm of bright, festive music activates this Pokémon’s cells, making it more powerful."
370,luvdisc,"Loving couples have a soft spot for this Pokémon, so honeymoon hotels often release this Pokémon into their pools."
31,nidoqueen,"It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles using its tough, scaly body. This POKéMON is at its strongest when it is defending its young."
180,flaaffy,"If its coat becomes fully charged with electricity, its tail lights up. It fires hair that zaps on impact."
627,rufflet,"They will challenge anything, even strong opponents, without fear. Their frequent fights help them become stronger."
340,whiscash,It is very territorial. It repels foes by setting off tremors that extend over a three-mile radius.
41,zubat,"this Pokémon avoids sunlight because exposure causes it to become unhealthy. During the daytime, it stays in caves orunder the eaves of old houses, sleeping while hanging upside down."
92,gastly,"this Pokémon is largely composed of gaseous matter. When exposed to a strong wind, the gaseous body quickly dwindles away.Groups of this POKéMON cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind."
343,baltoy,"As soon as it spots others of its kind, this Pokémon congregates with them and then begins crying noisily in unison. This Pokémon sleeps while cleverly balancing itself on its one foot."
396,starly,"They flock around mountains and fields, chasing after bug Pokémon. Their singing is noisy and annoying."
439,mime-jr,It mimics the expressions and motions of those it sees to understand the feelings of others.
494,victini,"When it shares the infinite energy it creates, that being’s entire body will be overflowing with power."
345,lileep,It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
38,ninetales,Its nine tails are said to be imbued with a mystic power. It can live for a thousand years.
108,lickitung,"Its tongue has well-developed nerves that runto the very tip, so it can be deft­ ly manipulated."
97,hypno,Avoid eye contact if you come across one. It will tryto put you to sleep by using its pendulum.
211,qwilfish,It shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer.
15,beedrill,It flies at high speed and attacks using the large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail.
41,zubat,Emits ultrasonic cries while it flies. They act as a sonar used to check for objects in its way.
518,musharna,The mist emanating from their foreheads is packed with the dreams of people and Pokémon.
269,dustox,"Toxic powder is scattered with each flap. At night, it is known to strip leaves off trees lining boulevards."
163,hoothoot,It begins to hoot at the same time every day. Sometrainers use them in place of clocks.
65,alakazam,this Pokémon wields potent psychic powers. It’s said that this Pokémon used these powers to create the spoons it holds.
124,jynx,"It has several different cry pat­ terns, each ofwhich seems to have its own meaning."
606,beheeyem,"It has strong psychic powers. Using its fingers that flash three different colors, it controls its opponents and rewrites their memories."
158,totodile,It has the habit of biting anything with its developed jaws. Even its Trainer needs to be careful.
26,raichu,"If it stores too much electricity, its behavior turns aggressive. To avoid this, it occasionally discharges excess energy and calms itself down."
516,simipour,"The tuft on its head holds water. When the level runs low, it replenishes the tuft by siphoning up water with its tail."
618,stunfisk,"When its opponent can’t be paralyzed, it contorts itself with unexpected speed and flops away."
295,exploud,It emits a variety of sounds from the holes all over its body. Its loud cries can be heard from over six miles away.
358,chimecho,Its cries echo inside its hollow body to emerge as beautiful notes for startling and repelling foes.
51,dugtrio,"Extremely powerful, they can dig through even the hardest ground to a depth of over 60 miles."
570,zorua,"If a normally talkative child suddenly stops talking, it may have been replaced by this Pokémon."
789,cosmog,This Pokémon came from another universe. Its gaseous body is so light that even a gentle breeze can blow it away.
171,lanturn,"It blinds prey with an intense burst of light. With the prey incapacitated, the Pokémon swallows it in a single gulp."
66,machop,"Once this Pokémon has gained enough confidence and muscle from training with its friends, it challenges Makuhita to a battle."
295,exploud,Its roar in battle shakes the ground like a tremor--or like an earthquake has struck.
749,mudbray,"It eats dirt to create mud and smears this mud all over its feet, giving them the grip needed to walk on rough terrain without slipping."
11,metapod,It prepares for evolution by hardening its shell as much as possible to protect its soft body.
197,umbreon,"On the night of a full moon, or when it gets excited, the ring patterns on its body glow yellow."
547,whimsicott,"Like the wind, it can slip through any gap, no matter how small. It leaves balls of white fluff behind."
572,minccino,The way it brushes away grime with its tail can be helpful when cleaning. But its focus on spotlessness can make cleaning more of a hassle.
593,jellicent,Fishermen are terrified of this Pokémon. It’s rumored to drag them into the sea and steal their lives away.
284,masquerain,"It intimidates foes with the large eyelike patterns on its antennae. Because it can’t fly if its wings get wet, it shelters itself from rain under large trees and eaves."
251,celebi,"It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times."
58,growlithe,"Its superb sense of smell ensures that this POKéMON won’t forget any scent, no matter what. It uses its sense of smell to detect the emotions of others."
590,foongus,"It lures people in with its Poké Ball pattern, then releases poison spores. Why it resembles a Poké Ball is unknown."
390,chimchar,"It is very agile. Before going to sleep, it extinguishes the flame on its tail to prevent fires."
444,gabite,"It loves shiny things. When it finds a Sableye trying to catch a Carbink, this Pokémon becomes furiously angry and attacks the Sableye."
328,trapinch,It makes a conical pit in desert sand and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
162,furret,"this Pokémon has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly squirm through narrow spaces and get away.In spite of its short limbs, this POKéMON is very nimble and fleet."
220,swinub,"If it smells something enticing, it dashes off headlong to find the source of the aroma."
56,mankey,It is extremely ill-tempered. Groups of them will attack any handy target for no reason.
140,kabuto,It is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell.
433,chingling,"There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound."
301,delcatty,"The favorite of trend-conscious female TRAINERS, they are used in competition for their style and fur."
41,zubat,this Pokémon remains quietly unmoving in a dark spot during the bright daylight hours. It does so because prolonged exposure to the sun causes its body to become slightly burned.
850,sizzlipede,"It wraps prey up with its heated body, cooking them in its coils. Once they’re well-done, it will voraciously nibble them down to the last morsel."
121,starmie,"this Pokémon swims by spinning its body at high speed. As this Pokémon cruises through the ocean, it absorbs tiny plankton."
5,charmeleon,"this Pokémon mercilessly destroys its foes using its sharp claws. If it encounters a strong foe, it turnsaggressive. In this excited state, the flame at the tip of its tail flares with a bluish white color."
152,chikorita,"In battle, this Pokémon waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, becalming the battling Pokémon and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around."
122,mr-mime,It is adept at conning people. It is said to be able to create walls out of thin air by miming.
231,phanpy,"As a sign of affection, it bumps with its snout. However, it is so strong, it may send you flying."
479,rotom,"Research continues on this Pokémon, which could be the power source of a unique motor."
83,farfetchd,"It is always seen with a stick from a plant. Apparently, there are good sticks and bad sticks. This POKéMON occasionally fights with others over choice sticks."
478,froslass,It freezes prey by blowing its -58 degrees F breath. It is said to then secretly display its prey.
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon are said to have identical patterns. It confuses foes with its stumbling motions.
442,spiritomb,Its constant mischief and misdeeds resulted in it being bound to an Odd Keystone by a mysterious spell.
170,chinchou,this Pokémon lets loose positive and negative electrical charges from its two antennas to make its prey faint. This Pokémon flashes its electric lights to exchange signals with others.
89,muk,"Thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. Itis so toxic, even its footprints contain poison."
24,arbok,"To intimidate foes, it spreads its chest wide andmakes eerie sounds by expelling air from its mouth."
591,amoonguss,It moves the caps on both arms and does a dance to lure prey. It prefers damp places.
132,ditto,"It can reconstitute its entire cellular structure to change into what it sees, but it returns to normal when it relaxes."
135,jolteon,"It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10,000-volt lightning bolts."
153,bayleef,The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up.
820,greedent,"Common throughout the Galar region, this Pokémon has strong teeth and can chew through the toughest of berry shells."
138,omanyte,"This Pokémon is a member of an ancient, extinct species. this Pokémon paddles through water with its 10 tentacles, looking like it’s just drifting along."
328,trapinch,"this Pokémon’s nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit dug in sand. This Pokémon patiently waits for prey to tumble down the pit. Its giant jaws have enough strength to crush even boulders."
303,mawile,Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
93,haunter,It can slip through any obstacle. It lurks inside walls to keep an eye on its foes.
612,haxorus,"While usually kindhearted, it can be terrifying if angered. Tusks that can slice through steel beams are how this Pokémon deals with its adversaries."
25,pikachu,A plan was recently announced to gather many this Pokémon and make an electric power plant.
512,simisage,"Ill tempered, it fights by swinging its barbed tail around wildly. The leaf growing on its head is very bitter."
484,palkia,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that space becomes more stable with this Pokémon’s every breath.
258,mudkip,Its large tail fin propels it through water with powerful acceleration. It is strong in spite of its size.
479,rotom,"Research continues on this Pokémon, which could be the power source of a unique motor."
867,runerigus,"A powerful curse was woven into an ancient painting. After absorbing the spirit of a Yamask, the painting began to move."
6,charizard,It spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. It may cause forest fires by blowing flames.
310,manectric,It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
55,golduck,"It swims grace­ fully along on the quiet, slow-movingrivers and lakes of which it is so fond."
79,slowpoke,"When this Pokémon’s tail is soaked in water, sweetness seeps from it. this Pokémon uses this trait to lure in and fish up other Pokémon."
222,corsola,It continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure for its beauty.
353,shuppet,It loves vengeful emotions and hangs in rows under the eaves of houses where vengeful people live.
233,porygon2,"After artificial intelligence was implemented in this Pokémon, the Pokémon began using a strange language that only other this Pokémon understand."
402,kricketune,There is a village that hosts a contest based on the amazingly variable cries of this Pokémon.
141,kabutops,"In the water, it tucks in its limbs to become more compact, then it wiggles its shell to swim fast."
359,absol,"Long ago, superstitions were spread about it, saying it brought disaster. This fed a hatred of it, and it was driven deep into the mountains."
148,dragonair,"According to a witness, its body was surrounded bya strange aura that gave it a mystical look."
251,celebi,This Pokémon wanders across time. Grass and trees flourish in the forests in which it has appeared.
325,spoink,"this Pokémon bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pokémon cannot afford to stop bouncing—if it stops, its heart will stop."
606,beheeyem,"With its psychic powers, it rewrites its opponents’ memories. You, too, may have already had your memories rewritten."
338,solrock,"Solar energy is the source of its power, so it is strong during the daytime. When it spins, its body shines."
496,servine,They avoid attacks by sinking into the shadows of thick foliage. They retaliate with masterful whipping techniques.
420,cherubi,"Sunlight colors it red. When the small ball is drained of nutrients, it shrivels to herald evolution."
326,grumpig,It can perform odd dance steps to influence foes. Its style of dancing became hugely popular overseas.
59,arcanine,A legendary Pokémon in the East. Many people are charmed by the grace and beauty of its running.
79,slowpoke,"Although slow, it is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten."
306,aggron,"While seeking iron for food, it digs tunnels by breaking through bedrock with its steel horns."
177,natu,"this Pokémon cannot fly because its wings are not yet fully grown. If your eyes meet with this POKéMON’s eyes, it will stareback intently at you. But if you move even slightly, it will hop away to safety."
451,skorupi,"As soon as the tail claws close, its needle tips secrete poison. It can survive a year without food."
60,poliwag,Its newly grown legs prevent it from running. Itappears to prefer swimming than trying to stand.
466,electivire,The amount of electrical energy this Pokémon produces is proportional to the rate of its pulse. The voltage jumps while this Pokémon is battling.
101,electrode,"this Pokémon eats electricity in the atmosphere. On days when lightning strikes, you can see this Pokémon exploding all over the place from eating too much electricity."
97,hypno,"Seeing its swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up."
170,chinchou,It shoots positive and negative electricity between the tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies.
129,magikarp,"Although weak and helpless, this Pokémon is incredibly fertile. They exist in such multitudes, you’ll soon grow tired of seeing them."
114,tangela,The blue vines shrouding its body are covered in a growth of fine hair. It is known to be ticklish.
59,arcanine,A Pokémon that has long been admired for its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.
241,miltank,"If it is around babies, the milk it produces contains much more nutrition than usual."
762,steenee,"The sepals on its head developed to protect its body. These are quite hard, so even if pecked by bird Pokémon, this Pokémon is totally fine."
123,scyther,It is nearly impossible to parry its attacking scythes. Its movements are like a ninja’s.
379,registeel,"Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched."
47,parasect,A host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushroomhas taken over the host bug. Prefers damp places.
2,ivysaur,The bulb on its back grows as it absorbs nutrients.The bulb gives off a pleasant aroma when it blooms.
238,smoochum,"It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes."
535,tympole,"By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans. It uses the rhythm of these sounds to talk."
434,stunky,"It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away."
652,chesnaught,"When it takes a defensive posture with its fists guarding its face, it could withstand a bomb blast."
96,drowzee,"A Pokémon that nourishes itself by eating dreams, it is thought to share common ancestry with Munna and Musharna."
646,kyurem,This legendary ice Pokémon waits for a hero to fill in the missing parts of its body with truth or ideals.
183,marill,The oil-filled end of its tail floats on water. It keeps this Pokémon from drowning even in a strong current.
206,dunsparce,this Pokémon has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backward. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
284,masquerain,"Its thin, winglike antennae are highly absorbent. It waits out rainy days in tree hollows."
33,nidorino,It is easily agitated and uses its horn foroffense as soon as it notices an attacker.
66,machop,It continually undertakes strenuous training to master all forms of martial arts. Its strength lets it easily hoist a sumo wrestler onto its shoulders.
174,igglybuff,"It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop."
32,nidoran-m,It scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection.
188,skiploom,It spreads its petals to absorb sunlight. It alsofloats in the air to get closer to the sun.
504,patrat,"Using food stored in cheek pouches, they can keep watch for days. They use their tails to communicate with others."
222,corsola,It will regrow any branches that break off its head. People keep particularly beautiful this Pokémon branches as charms to promote safe childbirth.
247,pupitar,this Pokémon creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet.The body is very durable - it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel.
261,poochyena,"A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted."
396,starly,"They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power."
473,mamoswine,Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age.
351,castform,"this Pokémon borrows the power of nature to transform itself into the guises of the sun, rain clouds, and snow clouds.This POKéMON’s feelings change with the weather."
446,munchlax,"It stores food beneath its fur. It might share just one bite, but only if it really trusts you."
594,alomomola,It uses its special mucus to close the wounds of injured Pokémon. The reason for this behavior remains unknown.
622,golett,Ancient science fashioned this Pokémon from clay. It’s been active for thousands of years.
373,salamence,It’s uncontrollable if enraged. It flies around spouting flames and scorching fields and mountains.
120,staryu,"Large numbers of these Pokémon make their home at the seaside. At night, a strange red glow radiates from the center of their bodies."
27,sandshrew,"It burrows and lives underground. If threatened, it curls itself up into a ball for protection."
269,dustox,"Toxic powder is scattered with each flap. At night, it is known to strip leaves off trees lining boulevards."
621,druddigon,"this Pokémon are vicious and cunning. They take up residence in nests dug out by other Pokémon, treating the stolen nests as their own lairs."
38,ninetales,Its nine tails are said to be imbued with a mystic power. It can live for a thousand years.
235,smeargle,A special fluid oozes from the tip of its tail. It paints the fluid everywhere to mark its territory.
102,exeggcute,Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
673,gogoat,They inhabit mountainous regions. The leader of the herd is decided by a battle of clashing horns.
372,shelgon,"Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves."
215,sneasel,"Vicious in nature, it drives PIDGEY from their nests and scavenges any leftovers it can find."
35,clefairy,"Adored for their cute looks and playfulness. Theyare thought to be rare, as they do not appear often."
72,tentacool,"Its eyes are as transparent as crystals. From them, it shoots mysterious beams of light."
289,slaking,"The world’s laziest Pokémon. When it is lounging, it is actually saving energy for striking back."
70,weepinbell,"this Pokémon has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the Pokémon hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground."
2,ivysaur,"There is a bud on this Pokémon’s back. To support its weight, this Pokémon’s legs and trunk grow thick and strong. If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight, it’s a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon."
498,tepig,It can deftly dodge its foe’s attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it eats them.
275,shiftry,"By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 ft/second that can level houses."
155,cyndaquil,"It is timid and always curls itself up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection."
150,mewtwo,It was created by a scientist after years of horrificgene splicing and DNA engineering experiments.
137,porygon,A man-made Pokémon created using advanced scientific means. It can move freely in cyberspace.
313,volbeat,"this Pokémon’s tail glows like a lightbulb. With other this Pokémon, it uses its tail to draw geometric shapes in the night sky. This Pokémon loves the sweet aroma given off by Illumise."
346,cradily,"It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches."
212,scizor,"It uses its wings to adjust its body temperature. Otherwise, its metal body would become too hot and melt in the heat of battle."
288,vigoroth,"this Pokémon is simply incapable of remaining still. Even when it tries to sleep, the blood in its veins growsagitated, compelling this POKéMON to run wild throughout the jungle before it can settle down."
487,giratina,It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World.
369,relicanth,this Pokémon is a Pokémon species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form. This ancient Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth.
108,lickitung,"Its long tongue, slathered with a gooey saliva, sticks to anything, so it is very useful."
224,octillery,It has a tendency to want to be in holes. It prefers rock crags or pots and sprays ink from them before attacking.
629,vullaby,"It can’t fly yet and must wait until its wings have developed more. Since it’s still at a playful age, it hops around friskily."
174,igglybuff,"Instead of walking with its short legs, it movesaround by bouncing on its soft, tender body."
660,diggersby,"With power equal to an excavator, it can dig through dense bedrock. It’s a huge help during tunnel construction."
516,simipour,"The high-pressure water expelled from its tail is so powerful, it can destroy a concrete wall."
306,aggron,You can tell its age by the length of its iron horns. It claims an entire mountain as its territory.
816,sobble,"When scared, this Pokémon cries. Its tears pack the chemical punch of 100 onions, and attackers won’t be able to resist weeping."
119,seaking,It is the male's job to make a nest by carvingout boulders in a stream using the horn on its head.
448,lucario,"By reading the auras of all things, it can tell how others are feeling from over half a mile away."
288,vigoroth,"Its heart beats at a tenfold tempo, so it cannot sit still for even a moment."
671,florges,"It claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory, and it obtains power from basking in the energy emitted by flowering plants."
352,kecleon,"It can freely change its body’s color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn’t change, however."
215,sneasel,It is extremely vicious and will not stop attacking until its foe is incapable of moving.
51,dugtrio,A team of triplets that can burrow to a depth of 60 miles. It’s reported that this triggers an earthquake.
14,kakuna,"this Pokémon remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as it prepares for its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell becomes to the touch."
451,skorupi,It lives in arid regions and can go without food for a year while waiting for prey.
178,xatu,It has the enigmatic power of foreseeing the future. Some people in different lands have long believed that this Pokémon are emissaries from another world.
142,aerodactyl,"It flew through the open skies over the ancient continent as if they were its own. When it touched ground, its walk was weak and slow."
73,tentacruel,Its 80 tentacles can stretch and contract freely.They wrap around prey and weaken it with poison.
384,rayquaza,"It flies in the ozone layer, way up high in the sky. Until recently, no one had ever seen it."
209,snubbull,"It has an active, playful nature. Many women like to frolic with it because of its affectionate ways."
50,diglett,Many farmers cherish and nurture this Pokémon because its droppings enrich the soil it lives in.
797,celesteela,One kind of Ultra Beast. Witnesses have seen it burn down a forest by expelling gas from its two arms.
469,yanmega,Its jaw power is incredible. It is adept at biting apart foes while flying by at high speed.
33,nidorino,An aggressive POKéMON that is quick to attack. The horn on its head secretes a powerful venom.
255,torchic,"A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees F."
600,klang,Spinning minigears are rotated at high speed and repeatedly fired away. It is dangerous if the gears don’t return.
29,nidoran-f,"Though small, it must be treated with caution because of its powerfully toxic barbs. The female has smaller horns."
16,pidgey,"It has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It can unerringly return home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings."
369,relicanth,"Its form has remained the same for one hundred million years. Its body is filled with fat, so it can withstand the water pressure of the deep sea."
36,clefable,"It can’t help but hear a pin drop from over half a mile away, so it lives deep in the mountains where there aren’t many people or Pokémon."
140,kabuto,This Pokémon thrived 300 million years ago. It’s said that living specimens can still be seen in a certain region—a rare sight.
456,finneon,The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night.
102,exeggcute,"These Pokémon get nervous when they’re not in a group of six. The minute even one member of the group goes missing, this Pokémon become cowardly."
8,wartortle,It cleverly con­ trols its furry ears and tail tomaintain its balance while swimming.
251,celebi,This Pokémon wanders across time. Grass and trees flourish in the forests in which it has appeared.
644,zekrom,"This Pokémon appears in legends. In its tail, it has a giant generator that creates electricity."
292,shedinja,A most peculiar POKéMON that somehow appears in a POKé BALL when a NINCADA evolves.
549,lilligant,"It’s well liked by other Pokémon because of its beauty. The flower on its head needs constant care, or it will soon wither and rot."
9,blastoise,The rocket cannons on its shell fire jets of water capable of punching holes through thick steel.
22,fearow,It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
546,cottonee,Weaving together the cotton of both this Pokémon and Eldegoss produces exquisite cloth that’s highly prized by many luxury brands.
177,natu,It is extremely good at climbing tree trunks andlikes to eat the new sprouts on the trees.
373,salamence,"As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out."
223,remoraid,"this Pokémon sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey.When evolution draws near, this POKéMON travels downstream from rivers."
182,bellossom,"Plentiful in the tropics. When it dances, its petals rub together and make a pleasant ringing sound."
617,accelgor,"When its body dries out, it weakens. So, to prevent dehydration, it wraps itself in many layers of thin membrane."
772,type-null,"There’s danger of its going on a rampage, so its true power is sealed away beneath its control mask."
326,grumpig,It uses black pearls to amplify its psychic power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes.
202,wobbuffet,"To keep its pitch-black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack."
6,charizard,"Its wings can carry this POKéMON close to an altitude of 4,600 feet. It blows out fire at very high temperatures."
742,cutiefly,"Nectar and pollen are its favorite fare. You can find this Pokémon hovering around Gossifleur, trying to get some of Gossifleur’s pollen."
759,stufful,"Its fluffy fur is a delight to pet, but carelessly reaching out to touch this Pokémon could result in painful retaliation."
406,budew,"Sensitive to changing temperatures, the bud blooms when it’s warm, releasing toxic pollen."
582,vanillite,This Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. It sleeps buried in snow.
186,politoed,"Whenever three or more of these get together, theysing in a loud voice that sounds like bellowing."
183,marill,"The fur on its body naturally repels water. It can stay dry, even when it plays in the water."
91,cloyster,"When attacked, it launches its horns in quickvolleys. Its innards have never been seen."
153,bayleef,A spicy aroma emanates from around its neck. The aroma acts as a stimulant to restore health.
49,venomoth,The dust-like scales covering its wings arecolor coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has.
268,cascoon,"It never forgets any attack it endured while in the cocoon. After evolution, it seeks payback."
27,sandshrew,"It digs deep burrows to live in. When in danger, it rolls up its body to withstand attacks."
304,aron,"It usually lives deep in mountains. However, hunger may drive it to eat railroad tracks and cars."
363,spheal,Its body is covered in fluffy fur. The fur keeps it from feeling cold while it is rolling on ice.
303,mawile,Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
678,meowstic,The defensive instinct of the males is strong. It’s when they’re protecting themselves or their partners that they unleash their full power.
436,bronzor,"Polishing this Pokémon to a shine makes its surface reflect the truth, according to common lore. Be that as it may, this Pokémon hates being polished."
426,drifblim,"It carries people and Pokémon when it flies. But since it only drifts, it can end up anywhere."
162,furret,The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed.
351,castform,"Its form changes depending on the weather. The rougher conditions get, the rougher this Pokémon’s disposition!"
405,luxray,this Pokémon’s ability to see through objects comes in handy when it’s scouting for danger.
792,lunala,It sometimes summons unknown powers and life-forms here to this world from holes that lead to other worlds.
794,buzzwole,"This Ultra Beast appeared from another world. It shows off its body, but whether that display is a boast or a threat remains unclear."
127,pinsir,"Although it’s tough, it can’t handle cold well. When night falls, it buries itself in leafage and sleeps."
562,yamask,"The spirit of a person from a bygone age became this Pokémon. It rambles through ruins, searching for someone who knows its face."
290,nincada,"It grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes."
72,tentacool,this Pokémon is not a particularly strong swimmer. It drifts across the surface of shallow seas as it searches for prey.
898,calyrex,"this Pokémon is a merciful Pokémon, capable of providing healing and blessings. It reigned over the Galar region in times of yore."
100,voltorb,A life-form whose identity is unknown. It is said to SCREECH or suddenly SELFDESTRUCT.
634,zweilous,The two heads do not get along. Whichever head eats more than the other gets to be the leader.
3,venusaur,A bewitching aroma wafts from its flower. The fragrance becalms those engaged in a battle.
799,guzzlord,"It has gobbled mountains and swallowed whole buildings, according to reports. It’s one of the Ultra Beasts."
222,corsola,"In a south sea nation, the people live in communi­ties that are built on groups of these POKéMON."
567,archeops,It runs better than it flies. It takes off into the sky by running at a speed of 25 mph.
633,deino,"They cannot see, so they tackle and bite to learn about their surroundings. Their bodies are covered in wounds."
349,feebas,"this Pokémon live in ponds that are heavily infested with weeds. Because of its hopelessly shabby appearance, it seems as if few TRAINERS raise it."
311,plusle,It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
336,seviper,this Pokémon shares a generations-long feud with ZANGOOSE. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles.This POKéMON attacks using its sword- edged tail.
341,corphish,It can adapt very well to its environment. Feebas and this Pokémon are about the only Pokémon to live in stagnant ditches.
411,bastiodon,"The bones of its face are huge and hard, so they were mistaken for its spine until after this Pokémon was successfully restored."
16,pidgey,"It usually hides in tall grass. Be­ cause it dislikesfighting, it pro­ tects itself by kicking up sand."
161,sentret,It has a very nervous nature. It stands up high on its tail so it can scan wide areas.
419,floatzel,It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people.
179,mareep,"If static elec­ tricity builds in its body, itsfleece doubles in volume. Touching it will shock you."
218,slugma,"Its body is made of magma. If it doesn’t keep moving, its body will cool and harden."
68,machamp,"Its four ruggedly developed arms can launch a flurry of 1,000 punches in just two seconds."
431,glameow,"When it’s happy, this Pokémon demonstrates beautiful movements of its tail, like a dancing ribbon."
250,ho-oh,Its feathers--which glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light--are thought to bring joy. It is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.
79,slowpoke,Incredibly slow and sluggish. It is quite content to loll about without worrying about the time.
189,jumpluff,It drifts on seasonal winds and spreads its cotton-like spores all over the world to make more offspring.
436,bronzor,Ancient people believed that the pattern on this Pokémon’s back contained a mysterious power.
432,purugly,It would claim another Pokémon’s nest as its own if it finds a nest sufficiently comfortable.
448,lucario,"It’s said that no foe can remain invisible to this Pokémon, since it can detect auras. Even foes it could not otherwise see."
11,metapod,"Even though it is encased in a sturdy shell, the body inside is tender. It can’t withstand a harsh attack."
80,slowbro,"Its tail has a SHELLDER firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can’t be used for fishing anymore. This forces it to reluctantly swim and catch prey."
66,machop,Very powerful in spite of its small size. Its mastery of many types of martial arts makes it very tough.
273,seedot,"When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon."
380,latias,It communicates using telepathy. Its body is covered in down that refracts light to make it invisible.
380,latias,Its body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
23,ekans,It sneaks through grass without making a sound and strikes unsuspecting prey from behind.
283,surskit,"If this Pokémon senses danger, it secretes a thick, sugary syrup from the tip of its head. There are some Pokémon that love eating this syrup."
24,arbok,It is rumored that the ferocious warning markingson its belly differ from area to area.
292,shedinja,"this Pokémon’s hard body doesn’t move—not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this Pokémon will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back."
133,eevee,Current studies show it can evolve into an incredible eight different species of Pokémon.
570,zorua,"It changes so it looks just like its foe, tricks it, and then uses that opportunity to flee."
471,glaceon,"By controlling its body heat, it can freeze the atmosphere around it to make a diamond-dust flurry."
190,aipom,"It lives atop tall trees. When leap­ ing from branchto branch, it deftly uses its tail for balance."
134,vaporeon,Its body’s cellular structure is similar to the molecular composition of water. It can melt invisibly in water.
162,furret,"It lives in narrow burrows that fit its slim body. Thedeeper the nests go, the more maze­ like they become."
351,castform,It changes its form depending on the weather. Changes in the temperature or humidity appear to affect its cellular structure.
348,armaldo,It went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor.
734,yungoos,"It wanders around in a never-ending search for food. At dusk, it collapses from exhaustion and falls asleep on the spot."
318,carvanha,They form packs to attack boats and rip out their hulls to sink them. They live in rivers in the jungle.
251,celebi,"It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times."
458,mantyke,this Pokémon living in Galar seem to be somewhat sluggish. The colder waters of the seas in this region may be the cause.
18,pidgeot,"When hunting, it skims the surface of water at highspeed to pick off unwary prey such as MAGIKARP."
712,bergmite,It blocks opponents’ attacks with the ice that shields its body. It uses cold air to repair any cracks with new ice.
347,anorith,"This is one kind of primeval bug Pokémon. With eight wings, it could apparently swim a lot faster than you’d expect."
672,skiddo,"If it has sunshine and water, it doesn’t need to eat, because it can generate energy from the leaves on its back."
4,charmander,"The fire on the tip of its tail is a measure of its life. If healthy, its tail burns intensely."
181,ampharos,"The tip of its tail shines brightly. In the olden days, people sent signals using the tail’s light."
40,wigglytuff,"The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, it will suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size."
59,arcanine,"The sight of it running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night has captivated many people."
298,azurill,Its tail bounces like a rubber ball. It flings that tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself.
48,venonat,"this Pokémon is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection.It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even miniscule prey."
117,seadra,Its fin-tips leak poison. Its fins and bones are highly valued as ingredients in herbal medicine.
431,glameow,It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular among some.
737,charjabug,"From the food it digests, it generates electricity, and it stores this energy in its electric sac."
94,gengar,"Hiding in people's shadows at night, it absorbs theirheat. The chill it causes makes the victims shake."
517,munna,This Pokémon appears before people and Pokémon who are having nightmares and eats those dreams.
23,ekans,this Pokémon curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. Assuming this position allows it to quickly respond to a threat from any direction with a glare from its upraised head.
458,mantyke,"When it swims close to the surface of the ocean, people aboard ships are able to observe the pattern on its back."
385,jirachi,It is said to make any wish come true. It is awake for only seven days out of a thousand years.
77,ponyta,this Pokémon is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This POKéMON becomes stronger bystumbling and falling to keep up with its parent.
50,diglett,"It prefers dark places. It spends most of its time underground, though it may pop up in caves."
697,tyrantrum,"The king of the ancient world, it can easily crunch a car with the devastating strength of its enormous jaws."
241,miltank,"It is said that kids who drink this Pokémon’s milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults."
253,grovyle,"It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch."
185,sudowoodo,"It disguises it­ self as a tree to avoid attack. Ithates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining."
119,seaking,"In the autumn, this Pokémon males can be seen performing courtship dances in riverbeds to woo females. During this season, this Pokémon’s body coloration is at its most beautiful."
184,azumarill,"It can spend all day in water, since it can inhale and store a large volume of air."
375,metang,It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its steel body won’t be scratched if it collides with a jet.
60,poliwag,It’s still not very good at walking. Its Trainers should train this Pokémon to walk every day.
603,eelektrik,It wraps itself around its prey and paralyzes it with electricity from the round spots on its sides. Then it chomps.
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
331,cacnea,"this Pokémon live in deserts with virtually no rainfall. It battles by swinging its thick, spiked arms. Once a year, a yellow flower blooms."
20,raticate,"Its rear feet have three toes each. They are webbed, enabling it to swim across rivers."
225,delibird,"Although it naturally prefers colder locales, this Pokémon in Alola seem able to withstand the heat to a certain extent."
84,doduo,The brains in its two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power.
303,mawile,"Don’t be taken in by this POKéMON’s cute face - it’s very dangerous. this Pokémon fools the foe into letting down itsguard, then chomps down with its massive jaws. The steel jaws are really horns that have been transformed."
312,minun,"It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks."
771,pyukumuku,"It’s covered in a slime that keeps its skin moist, allowing it to stay on land for days without drying up."
379,registeel,It is sturdier than any kind of metal. It hardened due to pressure underground over tens of thousands of years.
681,aegislash,"Generations of kings were attended by these Pokémon, which used their spectral power to manipulate and control people and Pokémon."
85,dodrio,"Uses its three brains to execute complex plans. While two heads sleep, one head is said to stay awake."
383,groudon,this Pokémon has the power to scatter rain clouds and make water evaporate with light and heat.It came as a savior to people who had been suffering from terrible floods.
183,marill,"The end of its tail serves as a buoy that keeps it from drowning, even in a vicious current."
503,samurott,Part of the armor on its anterior legs becomes a giant sword. Its cry alone is enough to intimidate most enemies.
409,rampardos,"Its skull withstands impacts of any magnitude. As a result, its brain never gets the chance to grow."
83,farfetchd,"If it eats the plant stick it carries as emer­gency rations, it runs off in search of a new stick."
26,raichu,"When electricity builds up inside its body, it becomes feisty. It also glows in the dark."
326,grumpig,It uses black pearls to amplify its psychic power. It does a strange dance to control foes’ minds.
276,taillow,It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
1,bulbasaur,"It carries a seed on its back right from birth. As it grows older, the seed also grows larger."
137,porygon,A man-made Pokémon that came about as a result of research. It is programmed with only basic motions.
254,sceptile,The leaves growing on this Pokémon’s body are very sharp edged. This Pokémon is very agile—it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.
208,steelix,"Tempered underground under high pressure and heat, its body is harder than any metal."
395,empoleon,"If anyone were to hurt its pride, it would slash them with wings that can cleave through an ice floe."
479,rotom,Its body is composed of plasma. It is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc.
267,beautifly,"Despite its looks, it is aggressive. It jabs with its long, thin mouth if disturbed while collecting pollen."
278,wingull,"It makes its nest on steep sea cliffs. Riding updrafts, it soars to great heights."
98,krabby,"this Pokémon live in holes dug into beaches. On sandy shores with little in the way of food, they can be seen squabbling with each other over territory."
463,lickilicky,The long tongue is always soggy with slobber. The saliva contains a solvent that causes numbness.
694,helioptile,The frills on either side of its head have cells that generate electricity when exposed to sunlight.
777,togedemaru,"The spiny fur on its back is normally at rest. When this Pokémon becomes agitated, its fur stands on end and stabs into its attackers."
26,raichu,"When electricity builds up inside its body, itbecomes feisty. It also glows in the dark."
78,rapidash,"Very competitive, this Pokémon will chase anything that moves fast in the hopes of racing it."
698,amaura,"It lived in cold areas in ancient times. It’s said that when this Pokémon whinnies, auroras appear in the night sky."
354,banette,"Strong feelings of hatred turned a puppet into a POKéMON. If it opens its mouth, its cursed energy escapes."
350,milotic,Its lovely scales are described as rainbow colored. They change color depending on the viewing angle.
140,kabuto,This Pokémon was regenerated from the fossil of an ancient creature. It protects itself with a hard shell.
736,grubbin,They often gather near places frequented by electric Pokémon in order to avoid being attacked by bird Pokémon.
67,machoke,"It can lift a dump truck with one hand. Using that power, it helps people with heavy jobs."
192,sunflora,"In the daytime, it rushes about in a hectic manner, butit comes to a com­ plete stop when the sun sets."
183,marill,"When fishing for food at the edge of a fast-running stream, this Pokémon wraps its tail around the trunk of a tree. This Pokémon’s tail is flexible and configured to stretch."
334,altaria,this Pokémon sings in a gorgeous soprano. Its wings are like cotton clouds. This POKéMON catches updrafts with itsbuoyant wings and soars way up into the wild blue yonder.
104,cubone,"Because it never removes its skull helmet, no onehas ever seen this POKéMON's real face."
352,kecleon,"It can freely change its body’s color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn’t change, however."
705,sliggoo,"Its four horns are a high-performance radar system. It uses them to sense sounds and smells, rather than using ears or a nose."
30,nidorina,"When feeding its young, it first chews and tender­izes the food, then spits it out for the offspring."
332,cacturne,Packs of them follow travelers through the desert until the travelers can no longer move.
550,basculin,"When a school of this Pokémon appears in a lake, everything else disappears, except for Corphish and Crawdaunt. That’s how violent this Pokémon are."
90,shellder,It swims backward by opening and closing its two shells. Its large tongue is always kept hanging out.
203,girafarig,Its tail also has a small brain. It bites to repel any foe trying to sneak up on it from behind.
135,jolteon,It concentrates the weak electric charges emitted by its cells and launches wicked lightning bolts.
173,cleffa,It is often seen when shooting stars fill the night skies. It’s said to arrive riding on a shooting star.
123,scyther,Leaps out of tall grass and slices prey with its scythes. The movement looks like that of a ninja.
345,lileep,"this Pokémon is an ancient POKéMON that was regenerated from a fossil. It remains permanently anchored to a rock.From its immobile perch, this POKéMON intently scans for prey with its two eyes."
297,hariyama,It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
701,hawlucha,"Although its body is small, its proficient fighting skills enable it to keep up with big bruisers like Machamp and Hariyama."
27,sandshrew,Burrows deep underground in arid locationsfar from water. It only emerges to hunt for food.
435,skuntank,"It attacks by spraying a repugnant fluid from its tail, but the stench dulls after a few squirts."
148,dragonair,A mystical POKéMON that exudes a gentle aura. It is said to have the ability to change the weather.
33,nidorino,"It has a violent disposition and stabs foes with its horn, which oozes poison upon impact."
40,wigglytuff,"this Pokémon has large, saucerlike eyes. The surfaces of its eyes are always covered with a thin layer of tears.If any dust gets in this POKéMON’s eyes, it is quickly washed away."
227,skarmory,"Despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor, it flies at speeds over 180 mph."
425,drifloon,"Because of the way it floats aimlessly, an old folktale calls it a “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.”"
315,roselia,this Pokémon shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent that tries to steal the flowers on its arms. The aroma of this Pokémon brings serenity to living things.
58,growlithe,It has a brave and trustworthy na­ ture. It fear­lessly stands up to bigger and stronger foes.
607,litwick,"The younger the life this Pokémon absorbs, the brighter and eerier the flame on its head burns."
324,torkoal,It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
302,sableye,It dwells in the darkness of caves. It uses its sharp claws to dig up gems to nourish itself.
386,deoxys,An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon.
116,horsea,"this Pokémon eats small insects and moss off of rocks. If the ocean current turns fast, this POKéMON anchors itself bywrapping its tail around rocks or coral to prevent being washed away."
373,salamence,"By evolving into this Pokémon, this Pokémon finally realizes its long-held dream of growing wings. To express its joy, it flies and wheels all over the sky while spouting flames from its mouth."
196,espeon,"By reading air currents, it can predict things such as the weather or its foe’s next move."
339,barboach,"Its slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud."
89,muk,A toxic fluid seeps from its body. The fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact.
438,bonsly,"It does not deal well with water, so it lives in dry locales. Since its surroundings tend to lack greenery, it stands out noticeably."
19,rattata,"Its incisors grow continuously throughout its life. If its incisors get too long, this Pokémon becomes unable to eat, and it starves to death."
549,lilligant,The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect. It withers if a Trainer does not take good care of it.
251,celebi,"When this Pokémon disappears deep in a forest, it is said to leave behind an egg it brought from the future."
66,machop,"Though small in stature, it is powerful enough to easily heft and throw a number of Geodude at once."
602,tynamo,"While one alone doesn’t have much power, a chain of many this Pokémon can be as powerful as lightning."
325,spoink,"Using its tail like a spring, it keeps its heart beating by bouncing constantly. If it stops, it dies."
346,cradily,"It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches."
142,aerodactyl,It was regenerated from a dinosaur’s genetic matter that was found in amber. It flies with high-pitched cries.
263,zigzagoon,The hair on this Pokémon’s back is bristly. It rubs the hard back hair against trees to leave its territorial markings. This Pokémon may play dead to fool foes in battle.
329,vibrava,"It looses ultrasonic waves by rubbing its wings together. Since a this Pokémon’s wings are still in the process of growing, it can only fly short distances."
146,moltres,This legendary bird POKéMON is said to bringearly spring to the wintry lands it visits.
405,luxray,It can see clearly through walls to track down its prey and seek its lost young.
59,arcanine,"There are so many old tales about them that they’re called legendary Pokémon, but there are way more of them around than you’d expect."
295,exploud,Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
212,scizor,It raises its pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation. It also swings them down dangerously.
159,croconaw,"Once this Pokémon has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs areforked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in."
231,phanpy,"It swings its long snout around play­ fully, but becauseit is so strong, that can be dan­ gerous."
45,vileplume,Its petals are the largest in the world. It fiendishly scatters allergy-causing pollen from its petals.
762,steenee,"It’s protected by its hard sepals, so it plays with bird Pokémon without worry. They peck it relentlessly, but it doesn’t care."
102,exeggcute,"Using telepathy only they can employ, they always form a cluster of six this Pokémon."
74,geodude,"Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking them for boulders, people often step or trip on them."
333,swablu,"Its wings are like cotton tufts. If it perches on someone’s head, it looks like a cotton hat."
89,muk,"They love to gather in smelly areas where sludge accumulates, making the stench around them worse."
404,luxio,"By gathering their tails together, they collectively generate powerful electricity from their claws. "
32,nidoran-m,"It is small, but its horn is filled with poison. Itcharges then stabs with the horn to inject poison."
449,hippopotas,It enshrouds itself with sand to protect itself from germs. It does not enjoy getting wet.
667,litleo,They set off on their own from their pride and live by themselves to become stronger. These hot-blooded Pokémon are quick to fight.
543,venipede,"this Pokémon and Sizzlipede are similar species, but when the two meet, a huge fight ensues."
785,tapu-koko,"The lightning-wielding guardian deity of Melemele, Tapu Koko is brimming with curiosity and appears before people from time to time."
29,nidoran-f,"Although small, its venomous barbs render this Pokémon dangerous. The female has smaller horns."
464,rhyperior,It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. GEODUDE are shot at rare times.
443,gible,"It once lived in the tropics. To avoid the cold, it lives in caves warmed by geothermal heat."
42,golbat,"Every once in a while, you’ll see a this Pokémon that’s missing some fangs. This happens when hunger drives it to try biting a Steel-type Pokémon."
254,sceptile,The leaves growing on this Pokémon’s body are very sharp edged. This POKéMON is very agile - it leaps all over thebranches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.
587,emolga,"As this Pokémon flutters through the air, it crackles with electricity. This Pokémon is cute, but it can cause a lot of trouble."
276,taillow,"Although it is small, it is very courageous. It will take on a larger SKARMORY on an equal footing. However, its will weakens if it becomes hungry."
675,pangoro,It boasts superb physical strength. Those who wish to become this Pokémon’s Trainer have no choice but to converse with their fists.
169,crobat,"The transformation of its legs into wings made it better at flying, but more clumsy at walking."
125,electabuzz,"Normally found near power plants, they can wanderaway and cause major blackouts in cities."
103,exeggutor,"It engages its enemies using psychic powers. Each of its three heads fires off psychokinetic energy, tripling its power."
20,raticate,It uses its whis­ kers to maintain its balance.It apparently slows down if they are cut off.
187,hoppip,"To keep from being blown away by the wind, they gather in clusters. They do enjoy gentle breezes, though."
141,kabutops,It is thought that this Pokémon came onto land because its prey adapted to life on land.
457,lumineon,This deep-sea Pokémon lives at the bottom of the sea. Its fins haul it over the seabed in search of its favorite food—Starmie.
126,magmar,"In battle, this Pokémon blows out intensely hot flames from all over its body to intimidate its opponent.This POKéMON’s fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in its surroundings."
212,scizor,Its wings are not used for flying. They are flapped at high speed to adjust its body temperature.
634,zweilous,"After it has eaten up all the food in its territory, it moves to another area. Its two heads do not get along."
340,whiscash,"It claims a large swamp to itself. If a foe comes near it, it sets off tremors by thrashing around."
63,abra,"If it decides to TELEPORT randomly, it creates theillusion that it has created copies of itself."
502,dewott,Strict training is how it learns its flowing double-scalchop technique.
236,tyrogue,It is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes.
326,grumpig,It uses black pearls to amplify its psychic power. It does a strange dance to control foes’ minds.
108,lickitung,"It checks out whatever’s around it by licking everything. If you don’t clean off a spot where it’s licked you, you’ll break out in a rash!"
41,zubat,It forms colonies in perpetually dark places and uses ultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets.
289,slaking,"this Pokémon spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach.If it eats all the grass it can reach, this POKéMON reluctantly moves to another spot."
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, it begins moving in rhythm in order to amplify its power."
680,doublade,Honedge evolves into twins. The two blades rub together to emit a metallic sound that unnerves opponents.
609,chandelure,The spirits burned up in its ominous flame lose their way and wander this world forever.
376,metagross,"With four linked brains, it’s more intelligent than a supercomputer, and it uses calculations to analyze foes."
703,carbink,"Although this Pokémon is not especially rare, its glittering, jewel-draped body draws attention from people."
87,dewgong,"Its entire body is a snowy white. Unharmed by even intense cold, it swims powerfully in icy waters."
616,shelmet,"It has a strange physiology that responds to electricity. When together with Karrablast, this Pokémon evolves for some reason."
798,kartana,"This Ultra Beast’s body, which is as thin as paper, is like a sharpened sword."
37,vulpix,"As it develops, its single white tail gains colorand splits into six. It is quite warm and cuddly."
827,nickit,"Cunning and cautious, this Pokémon survives by stealing food from others. It erases its tracks with swipes of its tail as it makes off with its plunder."
75,graveler,"Often seen rolling down mountain trails. Obstacles are just things to roll straight over, not avoid."
333,swablu,"Its wings are like cotton tufts. If it perches on someone’s head, it looks like a cotton hat."
13,weedle,Beware of the sharp stinger on its head. It hides in grass and bushes where it eats leaves.
185,sudowoodo,"To avoid being attacked, it does nothing but mimic a tree. It hates water and flees from rain."
440,happiny,It likes to carry around a small rock. It may wander around others’ feet and cause them to stumble.
166,ledian,"In the daytime when it gets warm, it curls up insidea big leaf and drifts off into a deep slumber."
531,audino,"Using the feelers on its ears, it can tell how someone is feeling or when an egg might hatch."
576,gothitelle,A criminal who was shown his fate by a this Pokémon went missing that same day and was never seen again.
210,granbull,"It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs."
176,togetic,"It is said to be a POKéMON that brings good fortune. When it spots someone who is pure of heart, a this Pokémon appears and shares its happiness with that person."
205,forretress,Its entire body is shielded by a steel- hard shell. What lurks inside the armor is a total mystery.
474,porygon-z,"A faulty update was added to its programming. Its behavior is noticeably strange, so the experiment may have been a failure."
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially adapted. They concentrate even faint light and enable it to see in the dark.
403,shinx,The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. It glows when in trouble.
51,dugtrio,These Diglett triplets dig over 60 miles below sea level. No one knows what it’s like underground.
201,unown,"When alone, nothing happens. However, if there are two or more, an odd power is said to emerge."
354,banette,A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge from being junked. It seeks the child that disowned it.
182,bellossom,"Its flower petals deepen in color through exposure to sunlight. When cloudy weather persists, it does a dance that is thought to be a ritual for summoning the sun."
139,omastar,"this Pokémon uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too largeand heavy, causing its movements to become too slow and ponderous."
605,elgyem,"It uses its strong psychic power to squeeze its opponent’s brain, causing unendurable headaches."
170,chinchou,"On the dark ocean floor, its only means of communication is its constantly flashing lights."
842,appletun,"Eating a sweet apple caused its evolution. A nectarous scent wafts from its body, luring in the bug Pokémon it preys on."
217,ursaring,"Although it has a large body, it is quite skilled at climbing trees. It eats and sleeps in the treetops."
145,zapdos,A legendary bird Pokémon that is said to appear from clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts.
347,anorith,this Pokémon was regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive Pokémon once lived in warm seas. It grips its prey firmly between its two large claws.
279,pelipper,Its spacious beak is large enough for a small child to fit right inside.
641,tornadus,"In every direction it flies, creating winds so powerful, they blow everything away."
7,squirtle,"It shelters itself in its shell, then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity."
813,scorbunny,"A warm-up of running around gets fire energy coursing through this Pokémon’s body. Once that happens, it’s ready to fight at full power."
383,groudon,It had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought Kyogre long ago.
125,electabuzz,Many power plants keep Ground-type Pokémon around as a defense against this Pokémon that come seeking electricity.
181,ampharos,The tip of its tail shines so brightly it can be used to send sea-navigation beacons to distant foreign shores.
326,grumpig,It uses black pearls to amplify its psycho-power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes.
452,drapion,"It takes pride in its strength. Even though it can tear foes apart, it finishes them off with powerful poison."
558,crustle,"When its boulder is broken in battles for territory, it feels unsure and begins to weaken."
76,golem,"It tumbles down mountains, leaving grooves from peak to base. Stay clear of these grooves."
472,gliscor,Its flight is soundless. It uses its lengthy tail to carry off its prey... Then its elongated fangs do the rest.
74,geodude,Its round form makes it easy to pick up. Some people have used them to hurl at each other in a snowball fight.
373,salamence,"this Pokémon came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this Pokémon’s cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings."
118,goldeen,The way it swims along fluttering its dress-like fins has earned it the name “princess of the water.”
603,eelektrik,It wraps itself around its prey and paralyzes it with electricity from the round spots on its sides. Then it chomps.
98,krabby,It lives in burrows dug on sandy beaches. Its pincers fully grow back if they are broken in battle.
86,seel,"this Pokémon hunt for prey in frigid, ice-covered seas. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head."
375,metang,It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its steel body won’t be scratched if it collides with a jet.
51,dugtrio,A team of DIGLETT triplets. It triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
307,meditite,"It eats just one berry a day. By enduring hunger, its spirit is tempered and made sharper."
415,combee,"It collects and delivers honey to its colony. At night, they cluster to form a beehive and sleep."
155,cyndaquil,"It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously."
594,alomomola,"Floating in the open sea is how they live. When they find a wounded Pokémon, they embrace it and bring it to shore."
111,rhyhorn,"Strong, but not too bright, this Pokémon can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging Tackles."
345,lileep,this Pokémon became extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient Pokémon attaches itself to a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles shaped like flower petals.
137,porygon,"The only Pokémon that people anticipate can fly into space. None has managed the feat yet, however."
320,wailmer,It eats one ton of food every day. It plays by shooting stored seawater out its blowholes with great force.
163,hoothoot,"It always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen."
213,shuckle,"The berries stored in its jar-like shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice."
209,snubbull,"Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute."
365,walrein,It swims through icy seas while shattering ice floes with its large tusks. It is protected by its thick blubber.
572,minccino,this Pokémon greet each other by grooming one another thoroughly with their tails.
102,exeggcute,Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
106,hitmonlee,This amazing Pokémon has an awesome sense of balance. It can kick in succession from any position.
367,huntail,this Pokémon’s presence went unnoticed by people for a long time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea.This POKéMON’s eyes can see clearly even in the murky dark depths of the ocean.
415,combee,The trio is together from birth. It constantly gathers honey from flowers to please Vespiquen.
43,oddish,"Awakened by moon­ light, it roams actively at night.In the day, it stays quietly underground."
532,timburr,These Pokémon appear at building sites and help out with construction. They always carry squared logs.
328,trapinch,"As it digs through the sand, its giant jaws crush any rocks that obstruct its path. It builds a funnel-shaped nest."
443,gible,"It reacts to anything that moves—flies right at it and bites it. Sometimes it injures itself, but it doesn’t care too much."
233,porygon2,this Pokémon was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made Pokémon has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
204,pineco,It looks just like a this Pokémonne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
24,arbok,The latest research has determined that there are over 20 possible arrangements of the patterns on its stomach.
349,feebas,"It is famous for its shabby appearance. While populous, they tend to cluster in set locations."
192,sunflora,It gets energy from warm sunlight and is known for its habit of moving in pursuit of it.
208,steelix,The many small metal particles that cover thisPOKéMON's body reflect bright light well.
290,nincada,"Because it lived almost entirely underground, it is nearly blind. It uses its antennae instead."
33,nidorino,An aggressive POKéMON that is quick to attack.The horn on its head secretes a powerful venom.
61,poliwhirl,"This Pokémon’s sweat is a slimy mucus. When captured, this Pokémon can slither from its enemies’ grasp and escape."
41,zubat,"While flying, it constantly emits ultrasonic waves from its mouth to check its surroundings."
287,slakoth,"this Pokémon’s heart beats just once a minute. Whatever happens, it is content to loaf around motionless.It is rare to see this POKéMON in motion."
383,groudon,Said to have expanded the lands by evaporating water with raging heat. It battled titanically with Kyogre.
187,hoppip,It can be carried away on even the gentlest breeze.It may even float all the way to the next town.
8,wartortle,"When tapped on its head, this Pokémon will pull it in, but its tail will still stick out a little bit."
20,raticate,"Its hind feet are webbed, so it’s a strong swimmer. It can cross rivers and sometimes even oceans."
46,paras,Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host this Pokémon.
133,eevee,It has the ability to alter the composition of its body to suit its surrounding environment.
229,houndoom,"The flames it breathes when angry contain toxins. If they cause a burn, it will hurt forever."
319,sharpedo,"The ruffian of the seas, it has fangs that crunch through iron. It swims by jetting water from its rear."
481,mesprit,"Known as “The Being of Emotion.” It taught humans the nobility of sorrow, pain, and joy."
312,minun,Exposure to electricity from this Pokémon and PLUSLE promotes blood circulation and relaxes muscles.
152,chikorita,It uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe.
841,flapple,"It ate a sour apple, and that induced its evolution. In its cheeks, it stores an acid capable of causing chemical burns."
513,pansear,"Very intelligent, it roasts berries before eating them. It likes to help people."
279,pelipper,"It is a messenger of the skies, carrying small Pokémon and eggs to safety in its bill."
214,heracross,"this Pokémon has sharp claws on its feet. These are planted firmly into the ground or the bark of a tree, giving thePOKéMON a secure and solid footing to forcefully fling away foes with its proud horn."
179,mareep,"this Pokémon’s fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged,the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail grows."
12,butterfree,It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.
577,solosis,"Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they are fine in any environment, no matter how severe."
565,carracosta,"Active both on land and in the sea, this Pokémon drags its land-based prey into the water to finish it off."
198,murkrow,It hides any shiny object it finds in a secret location. this Pokémon and Meowth loot one another’s stashes.
726,torracat,"In the midst of battle, the fire pouch on this Pokémon’s neck rings like a bell and produces stronger flames than usual."
566,archen,"Once thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokémon, some of the latest research suggests that may not be the case."
269,dustox,"When this Pokémon flaps its wings, a fine dust is scattered all over. This dust is actually a powerful poison that will even make a pro wrestler sick. This Pokémon searches for food using its antennae like radar."
315,roselia,this Pokémon that drink nutritionally rich springwater are said to reveal rare coloration when they bloom.
192,sunflora,"Since it converts sunlight into energy, it is always looking in the direction of the sun."
132,ditto,"When it spots an enemy, its body transfigures into an almost-perfect copy of its opponent."
417,pachirisu,A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity.
128,tauros,They fight each other by locking horns. The herd’s protector takes pride in its battle-scarred horns.
440,happiny,It likes to carry around a small rock. It may wander around others’ feet and cause them to stumble.
557,dwebble,"When it finds a stone of a suitable size, it secretes a liquid from its mouth to open up a hole to crawl into."
457,lumineon,"Deep down at the bottom of the ocean, prey is scarce. this Pokémon get into fierce disputes with Lanturn over food."
294,loudred,this Pokémon’s bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes.This POKéMON’s round ears serve as loudspeakers.
641,tornadus,"this Pokémon expels massive energy from its tail, causing severe storms. Its power is great enough to blow houses away."
57,primeape,It becomes wildly furious if it even senses someone looking at it. It chases anyone that meets its glare.
297,hariyama,It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
375,metang,"When two Beldum link together, their psychic power is doubled. Their intelligence, however, remains unchanged."
196,espeon,this Pokémon is extremely loyal to any Trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said that this Pokémon developed its precognitive powers to protect its Trainer from harm.
208,steelix,It chews its way through boulders with its sturdy jaws. Its eyes can see in the darkness underground.
68,machamp,"One arm alone can move mountains. Using all fourarms, this POKéMON fires off awesome punches."
222,corsola,"this Pokémon live in warm southern seas. If the sea becomes polluted, the beautiful coral stalks become discolored and crumble away in tatters."
303,mawile,It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.
26,raichu,"It can loose 100,000-volt bursts of electricity, instantly downing foes several times its size."
807,zeraora,"Electricity sparks from the pads on its limbs. Wherever this Pokémon runs, lightning flashes and thunder echoes."
193,yanma,this Pokémon is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept at making sudden stops and turning midair. This Pokémon uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey.
145,zapdos,A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. It freely controls lightning bolts.
260,swampert,this Pokémon is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This Pokémon also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water.
196,espeon,this Pokémon is extremely loyal to any TRAINER it considers to be worthy. It is said that this POKéMON developedits precognitive powers to protect its TRAINER from harm.
346,cradily,"It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches."
338,solrock,"When it rotates itself, it gives off light similar to the sun, thus blinding its foes."
125,electabuzz,It windmills its arms to slightly boost its punches. Foes have been known to escape in the meantime.
793,nihilego,It appeared in this world from an Ultra Wormhole. this Pokémon appears to be a parasite that lives by feeding on people and Pokémon.
16,pidgey,"It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back."
149,dragonite,"Incur the wrath of this normally calm Pokémon at your peril, because it will smash everything to smithereens before it’s satisfied."
61,poliwhirl,"The skin on most of its body is moist. However, the skin on its belly spiral feels smooth."
495,snivy,"They photosynthesize by bathing their tails in sunlight. When they are not feeling well, their tails droop."
217,ursaring,"In its territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits."
727,incineroar,"When its fighting spirit is set alight, the flames around its waist become especially intense."
143,snorlax,What sounds like its cry may ac­ tually be itssnores or the rumblings of its hungry belly.
769,sandygast,It takes control of anyone who puts a hand in its mouth. And so it adds to the accumulation of its sand-mound body.
190,aipom,Its tail is so powerful that it can use it to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air.
89,muk,"Smells so awful, it can cause fainting. Throughdegeneration, it lost its sense of smell."
224,octillery,It has a tendency to want to be in holes. It prefers rock crags or pots and sprays ink from them before attacking.
234,stantler,Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
697,tyrantrum,"This Pokémon is from about 100,000,000 years ago. It has the presence of a king, vicious but magnificent."
33,nidorino,"Its horn contains venom. If it stabs an enemy with the horn, the impact makes the poison leak out."
321,wailord,It can sometimes knock out opponents with the shock created by breaching and crashing its big body onto the water.
152,chikorita,Its pleasantly aromatic leaves have the abilityto check the hu­ midity and tem­ perature.
53,persian,this Pokémon has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the Pokémon’s surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.
25,pikachu,This intelligent POKéMON roasts hard BERRIES withelectricity to make them tender enough to eat.
451,skorupi,"As soon as the tail claws close, its needle tips secrete poison. It can survive a year without food."
454,toxicroak,The croaking that this Pokémon produces before a battle is for churning the poison it has stored in its poison sac.
724,decidueye,"this Pokémon can nock and fire an arrow at an enemy in a tenth of a second, so its battles are decided in the blink of an eye."
31,nidoqueen,Its entire body is armored with hard scales. It will protect the young in its burrow with its life.
768,golisopod,"It will do anything to win, taking advantage of every opening and finishing opponents off with the small claws on its front legs."
768,golisopod,The shell covering its body is as hard as diamond. This Pokémon will do anything it takes to win.
119,seaking,It punches holes in boulders on stream­ beds. This is a clever innovation that prevents its eggs from being attacked or washed away by the current.
351,castform,"Its appearance changes with the weather. Recently, its molecules were found to be just like water."
45,vileplume,"The larger its petals, the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up."
101,electrode,It stores electric energy under very high pressure.It often explodes with little or no provocation.
371,bagon,"this Pokémon jumps off cliffs every day, trying to grow stronger so that someday it will be able to fly."
228,houndour,They make repeated eerie howls before dawn to call attention to their pack.
178,xatu,"In South America, it is said that its right eye sees the future and its left eye views the past."
696,tyrunt,"This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. If something happens that it doesn’t like, it throws a tantrum and runs wild."
112,rhydon,"Its rugged hide protects it from even the heat of lava. However, the hide also makes it insensitive."
162,furret,"There is no telling where its tail begins. Despite its short legs, it is quick at hunting RATTATA."
32,nidoran-m,"Nidoran♂ has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokémon’s notice."
102,exeggcute,Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
113,chansey,"this Pokémon lay nutritionally excellent eggs every day. The eggs are so delicious, they are eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite."
181,ampharos,The tail’s tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people.
150,mewtwo,It was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene-splicing and DNA- engineering experiments.
376,metagross,"With four linked brains, it’s more intelligent than a supercomputer, and it uses calculations to analyze foes."
119,seaking,"In the autumn spawning season, they can be seen swimming powerfully up rivers and creeks."
71,victreebel,"ACID that has dis­ solved many prey becomes sweeter,making it even more effective at attracting prey."
296,makuhita,It toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest.
306,aggron,"While seeking iron for food, it digs tunnels by breaking through bedrock with its steel horns."
414,mothim,"While it loves floral honey, it won’t gather any itself. Instead, it plots to steal some from Combee."
189,jumpluff,this Pokémon rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The Pokémon descends to the ground when it encounters cold air while it is floating.
625,bisharp,"It leads a group of Pawniard. It battles to become the boss, but will be driven from the group if it loses."
571,zoroark,"If it thinks humans are going to discover its den, this Pokémon shows them visions that make them wander around in the woods."
433,chingling,"There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound."
179,mareep,Its fluffy coat swells to double when static electricity builds up. Touching it can be shocking.
410,shieldon,"Many fossils of this Pokémon have been found, but almost none have shown signs of damage to the face."
56,mankey,"When this Pokémon starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it’s a sure sign that it is becoming angry.However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath."
594,alomomola,It gently holds injured and weak Pokémon in its fins. Its special membrane heals their wounds.
105,marowak,"Originally, it was weak and timid. After evolution, its temperament becomes violent, and it begins to wield bones as weapons."
143,snorlax,this Pokémon’s typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile POKéMON that thereare children who use its expansive belly as a place to play.
43,oddish,"If exposed to moonlight, it starts to move.It roams far and wide at night to scatter its seeds."
396,starly,"Because they are weak individually, they form groups. However, they bicker if the group grows too big."
351,castform,"It has the ability to change its form into the sun, the rain, or a snow cloud, depending on the weather."
4,charmander,"The fire on the tip of its tail is a measure of its life. If healthy, its tail burns intensely."
215,sneasel,"Vicious in nature, it drives PIDGEY from their nests and feasts on the eggs that are left behind."
56,mankey,Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile onemoment then thrashing away the next instant.
105,marowak,Somewhere in the world is a ceme­ tery just forthis Pokémon. It gets its bones from those graves.
330,flygon,It hides itself by kicking up desert sand with its wings. Red covers shield its eyes from sand.
593,jellicent,"The fate of the ships and crew that wander into this Pokémon’s habitat: all sunken, all lost, all vanished."
760,bewear,This Pokémon has the habit of hugging its companions. Many Trainers have left this world after their spines were squashed by its hug.
83,farfetchd,It can’t live without the stalk it holds. That’s why it defends the stalk from attackers with its life.
47,parasect,"It scatters toxic spores from the mushroom cap. In China, the spores are used as herbal medicine."
35,clefairy,The moonlight that it stores in the wings on its backapparently gives it the ability to float in midair.
137,porygon,this Pokémon is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace. This Pokémon is copy protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying.
103,exeggutor,"Each of its three heads has its own thoughts. When they want to go in different directions, this Pokémon becomes unable to move."
131,lapras,"People have driven this Pokémon almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, this Pokémon is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain."
250,ho-oh,this Pokémon’s feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light. These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This Pokémon is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.
189,jumpluff,"Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes."
51,dugtrio,A team of triplets that can burrow to a depth of 60 miles. It’s reported that this triggers an earthquake.
704,goomy,"The weakest of all Dragon-type Pokémon, it’s unable to breathe if its skin dries out, so it sticks to shady places."
332,cacturne,"It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day’s desert heat."
65,alakazam,The spoons clutched in its hands are said to have been created by its psychic powers.
36,clefable,"A timid fairy POKéMON that is rarely seen, it will run and hide the moment it senses people."
40,wigglytuff,Its fine fur feels sublime to the touch. It can expand its body by inhaling air.
32,nidoran-m,It raises its big ears to check its surroundings. It will strike first if it senses any danger.
93,haunter,"If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, this Pokémon is there."
136,flareon,"It has a flame sac in its body. Its body temperature tops 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit before battle."
58,growlithe,"It looks cute, but when you approach another Trainer’s this Pokémon, it will bark at you and bite."
46,paras,this Pokémon has this Pokémonitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from thisBUG POKéMON host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.
213,shuckle,"The berries stored in its vaselike shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice."
156,quilava,It intimidates foes with the heat of its flames. The fire burns more strongly when it readies to fight.
159,croconaw,"Once it bites down, it won’t let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place."
495,snivy,Being exposed to sunlight makes its movements swifter. It uses vines more adeptly than its hands.
133,eevee,Its ability to evolve into many forms allows it toadapt smoothly and perfectly to any environment.
210,granbull,"It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs."
71,victreebel,"It pools in its mouth a fluid with a honeylike scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything."
341,corphish,"It came from overseas. It is a very hardy creature that will quickly proliferate, even in polluted streams."
474,porygon-z,Its programming was modified to enable work in alien dimensions. It did not work as planned.
120,staryu,"This Pokémon gets nibbled on by Lumineon and others. Thanks to its red core, it regenerates fast, so it’s unconcerned by their snack attacks."
89,muk,"Thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. Itis so toxic, even its footprints contain poison."
606,beheeyem,It uses psychic power to control an opponent’s brain and tamper with its memories.
249,lugia,"It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm."
323,camerupt,"this Pokémon has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. Occasionally, the humps on this Pokémon’s back erupt, spewing the superheated magma."
135,jolteon,Its lungs contain an organ that creates electricity. The crackling sound of electricity can be heard when it exhales.
101,electrode,"It is dangerous. If it has too much electricity and has nothing to do, it amuses itself by exploding."
98,krabby,It lives in burrows dug on sandy beaches. Its pincers fully grow back if they are broken in battle.
447,riolu,The aura that emanates from its body intensifies to alert others if it is afraid or sad.
1,bulbasaur,"For some time after its birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back."
733,toucannon,They smack beaks with others of their kind to communicate. The strength and number of hits tell each other how they feel.
52,meowth,"It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly."
142,aerodactyl,"Restored from DNA found in amber, this Pokémon exhibited ferocity that was greater than expected. Some casualties resulted."
843,silicobra,"It spews sand from its nostrils. While the enemy is blinded, it burrows into the ground to hide."
359,absol,"this Pokémon has the ability to foretell the coming of natural disasters. It lives in a harsh, rugged mountain environment. This Pokémon very rarely ventures down from the mountains."
138,omanyte,"Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can begenetically resurrected from fossils."
190,aipom,"this Pokémon’s tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly manipulated. However, because the Pokémon uses its tail so much, its real hands have become rather clumsy."
341,corphish,Its hardy vitality enables it to adapt to any environment. Its pincers will never release prey.
486,regigigas,"All over the world, there are legends that tell of this Pokémon creating other Pokémon in its own image."
228,houndour,"Around dawn, its ominous howl echoes through the area to announce that this is its territory."
167,spinarak,It spins a web using fine--but durable--thread. It then waits patiently for prey to be trapped.
55,golduck,"When it swims at full speed using its long, webbed limbs, its forehead somehow begins to glow."
12,butterfree,"It flits from flower to flower, collecting honey.It can even identify distant flowers in bloom."
334,altaria,It hums in a beautiful soprano voice. It flies among white clouds in the blue sky. It launches intensely hot fireballs from its mouth.
72,tentacool,this Pokémon absorbs sunlight and refracts it using water inside its body to convert it into beam energy. This Pokémon shoots beams from the small round organ above its eyes.
91,cloyster,"For protection, it uses its harder- than-diamondsshell. It also shoots spikes from the shell."
669,flabebe,"When it finds a flower it likes, it dwells on that flower its whole life long. It floats in the wind’s embrace with an untroubled heart."
278,wingull,"It makes its nest on sheer cliffs. Riding the sea breeze, it glides up into the expansive skies."
461,weavile,"They live in cold regions, forming groups of four or five that hunt prey with impressive coordination."
194,wooper,"When it walks around on the ground, it coats its body with a slimy, poisonous film."
206,dunsparce,It digs into the ground with its tail and makes a mazelike nest. It can fly just a little.
364,sealeo,It has a very sensitive nose. It touches new things with its nose to examine them.
261,poochyena,"A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted."
250,ho-oh,Legends claim this POKéMON flies the world’s skies continuously on its magnificent seven-colored wings.
221,piloswine,"Because the long hair all over its body obscures itssight, it just keeps charging repeatedly."
156,quilava,this Pokémon keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and gusts of superheated air. This Pokémon applies its outstanding nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foe with flames.
58,growlithe,It has a brave and trustworthy nature. It fearlessly stands up to bigger and stronger foes.
259,marshtomp,"Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep."
551,sandile,"this Pokémon is small, but its legs and lower body are powerful. Pushing sand aside as it goes, this Pokémon moves through the desert as if it’s swimming."
10,caterpie,It releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly.
440,happiny,"When it sees something round and white, this Pokémon puts it into the pouch on its stomach. It sometimes becomes overloaded and can’t move."
123,scyther,"It confuses its prey with its quick, ninja-like movements. Then, in an instant, it cleaves them with its scythes."
206,dunsparce,"It creates mazes in dark locations. When spotted, it flees into the ground by digging with its tail."
68,machamp,"It can knock a train flying with a punch. However, it is terrible at delicate work using its fingers."
371,bagon,"With its steel-hard stone head, it headbutts indiscriminately. This is because of the stress it feels at being unable to fly."
317,swalot,It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
91,cloyster,"this Pokémon is capable of swimming in the sea. It does so by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. This Pokémon shoots spikes from its shell using the same system."
413,wormadam,"When evolving, its body takes in surrounding materials. As a result, there are many body variations."
206,dunsparce,It digs into the ground with its tail and makes a mazelike nest. It can fly just a little.
287,slakoth,The way this Pokémon lolls around makes anyone who watches it feel like doing the same.
320,wailmer,"It bounces playfully like a ball. The more seawater it swallows, the higher it bounces."
17,pidgeotto,"Very protective of its sprawling territorial area, this Pokémon will fiercely peck at any intruder."
280,ralts,"If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly."
141,kabutops,A slim and fast swimmer. It slices its prey with itssharp sickles and drinks the body fluids.
84,doduo,A two-headed POKéMON that was discovered as a sudden mutation. It runs at a pace of over 60 miles per hour.
250,ho-oh,It will reveal itself before a pure-heartedtrainer by shining its bright rain­ bow-colored wings.
147,dratini,It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.
747,mareanie,The first symptom of its sting is numbness. The next is an itching sensation so intense that it’s impossible to resist the urge to claw at your skin.
169,crobat,Having four wings allows it to fly more quickly and quietly so it can sneak up on prey without its noticing.
360,wynaut,"A this Pokémon loves to eat sweet fruits. It cleverly picks fruits using its earlike arms. They gather in fruit gardens, drawn by the fragrance."
229,houndoom,"Long ago, people imagined its eerie howls to be the call of the grim reaper."
342,crawdaunt,A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. It will crash itself into any foe that approaches its nest.
79,slowpoke,"It lazes vacantly near water. If something bitesits tail, it won't even notice for a whole day."
636,larvesta,"Said to have been born from the sun, it spews fire from its horns and encases itself in a cocoon of fire when it evolves."
383,groudon,It had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought Kyogre long ago.
613,cubchoo,"It sniffles before performing a move, using its frosty snot to provide an icy element to any move that needs it."
49,venomoth,It flutters its wings to scatter dustlike scales. The scales leach toxins if they contact skin.
355,duskull,It loves the crying of children. It startles bad kids by passing through walls and making them cry.
478,froslass,It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees Fahrenheit. What seems to be its body is actually hollow.
425,drifloon,These Pokémon are called the “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.” Children holding them sometimes vanish.
301,delcatty,"The reason it does not have a nest is that it simply searches for a clean, comfortable place then sleeps there."
498,tepig,It can deftly dodge its foe’s attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it eats them.
535,tympole,"By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans and warns others of danger."
83,farfetchd,"They live where reedy plants grow. Farfetch’d are rarely seen, so it’s thought their numbers are decreasing."
275,shiftry,A Pokémon that was feared as a forest guardian. It can read the foe’s mind and take preemptive action.
274,nuzleaf,The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
468,togekiss,It will never appear where there is strife. Its sightings have become rare recently.
621,druddigon,"It warms its body by absorbing sunlight with its wings. When its body temperature falls, it can no longer move."
453,croagunk,"Once diluted, its poison becomes medicinal. This Pokémon came into popularity after a pharmaceutical company chose it as a mascot."
316,gulpin,"This POKéMON’s stomach fluid can even digest scrap iron. In one gulp, it can swallow something that is as large as itself."
119,seaking,Its horn spins like a drill to steadily hollow out rocks—even harder ones. The coloration of the male is more vivid.
104,cubone,"this Pokémon pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull the Pokémon wears are made by the tears it sheds."
43,oddish,"If exposed to moonlight, it starts to move. It roams far and wide at night to scatter its seeds."
474,porygon-z,Its programming was modified to enable work in alien dimensions. It did not work as planned.
120,staryu,"As long as the center section is unharmed, it cangrow back fully even if it is chopped to bits."
83,farfetchd,"In order to pre­ vent their extinction, morepeople have made an effort to breed these POKéMON."
283,surskit,It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
662,fletchinder,"It scatters embers in the tall grass. Then bug Pokémon, frightened by the flames, come flying out, and this Pokémon gobbles them up."
133,eevee,It can evolve into a variety of forms. this Pokémon’s genes are the key to solving the mysteries of Pokémon evolution.
147,dratini,this Pokémon continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.
168,ariados,A single strand of a special string is endlessly spun out of its rear. The string leads back to its nest.
139,omastar,"this Pokémon uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too large and heavy, causing its movements to become too slow and ponderous."
30,nidorina,"When feeding its young, it first chews the food into a paste, then spits it out for the offspring."
350,milotic,"While this Pokémon is said to be the most beautiful Pokémon, Trainers who like Feebas and have raised it are seemingly disappointed by this Pokémon."
540,sewaddle,"Since this Pokémon makes its own clothes out of leaves, it is a popular mascot for fashion designers."
211,qwilfish,The small spikes covering its body developed fromscales. They in­ ject a toxin that causes fainting.
740,crabominable,"It aimed for the top but got lost and ended up on a snowy mountain. Being forced to endure the cold, this Pokémon evolved and grew fur."
333,swablu,It can’t relax if it or its surroundings are not clean. It wipes off dirt with its wings.
82,magneton,Formed by several MAGNEMITEs linked together. Theyfrequently appear when sunspots flare up.
255,torchic,Inside its body is a place where it keeps a small flame. Hug it! It will be as warm as a hot-water bottle.
83,farfetchd,"Farfetch’d is always seen with a stalk from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good stalks and bad stalks. This Pokémon has been known to fight with others over stalks."
342,crawdaunt,It is a ruffian that uses its pincers to pick up and toss out other Pokémon from its pond.
682,spritzee,"In the past, rather than using perfume, royal ladies carried a this Pokémon that would waft a fragrance they liked."
162,furret,The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed.
298,azurill,"It battles by flinging around its tail, which is bigger than its body. The tail is a flotation device in water."
182,bellossom,this Pokémon gather at times and appear to dance.They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.
479,rotom,Its electric-like body can enter some kinds of machines and take control in order to make mischief.
34,nidoking,One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
386,deoxys,An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon.
66,machop,"Its whole body is composed of muscles. Even though it’s the size of a human child, it can hurl 100 grown-ups."
289,slaking,"this Pokémon spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can reach, this Pokémon reluctantly moves to another spot."
528,swoobat,It shakes its tail vigorously when it emits ultrasonic waves strong enough to reduce concrete to rubble.
335,zangoose,Its fur would all stand on end if it smelled a SEVIPER nearby. Its sharp claws tear up its foes.
4,charmander,"The fire on the tip of its tail is a measure of its life. If healthy, its tail burns intensely."
385,jirachi,Generations have believed that any wish written on a note on its head will come true when it awakens.
73,tentacruel,"In battle, it extends all 80 of its tentacles to entrap its opponent inside a poisonous net."
584,vanilluxe,"Each of its two heads has a brain, and when they are in agreement, it attacks its enemies by exhaling a violent blizzard."
389,torterra,Some Pokémon are born on a this Pokémon’s back and spend their entire life there.
425,drifloon,"It tugs on the hands of children to steal them away. However, it gets pulled around instead."
261,poochyena,this Pokémon is an omnivore - it will eat anything. A distinguishing feature is how large its fangs are compared toits body. This POKéMON tries to intimidate its foes by making the hair on its tail bristle out.
389,torterra,Some Pokémon are born on a this Pokémon’s back and spend their entire life there.
8,wartortle,"Its tail is large and covered with a rich, thick fur. The tail becomes increasingly deeper in color as this Pokémon ages. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pokémon’s toughness as a battler."
160,feraligatr,"When it bites with its massive and powerful jaws, it shakes its head and savagely tears its victim up."
3,venusaur,"By spreading the broad petals of its flower andcatching the sun's rays, it fills its body with power."
616,shelmet,"When it and Karrablast are together, and both receive electrical stimulation, they both evolve."
661,fletchling,"This amiable Pokémon is easy to train. But when battle is joined, it shows its ferocious side."
123,scyther,The sharp scythes on its forearms become increasingly sharp by cutting through hard objects.
473,mamoswine,"A frozen one was dug up from soil dating back 10,000 years. It woke up to much amazement."
326,grumpig,It can gain control over foes by doing odd dance steps. The black pearls on its forehead are precious gems.
81,magnemite,It moves while constantly hovering. It discharges Thunder Wave and so on from the units at its sides.
134,vaporeon,It has evolved to be suitable for an aquatic life. It can invisibly melt away into water.
89,muk,"The stench it gives off will make your nose scrunch up. Still, there are this Pokémon fans who think that’s a good thing."
200,misdreavus,"It gets nourishment from fear that it absorbs into its red orbs. In daytime, it sleeps in darkness."
379,registeel,"Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched."
219,magcargo,"this Pokémon’s body temperature is approximately 18,000 degrees F. Water is vaporized on contact.If this POKéMON is caught in the rain, the raindrops instantly turn into steam, cloaking the area in a thick fog."
17,pidgeotto,The claws on its feet are well developed. It can carry prey such as an EXEGGCUTE to its nest over 60 miles away.
84,doduo,"Its short wings make flying difficult. Instead, this Pokémon runs at high speed on developed legs."
565,carracosta,Incredible jaw strength enables them to chew up steel beams and rocks along with their prey.
214,heracross,"this Pokémon has sharp claws on its feet. These are planted firmly into the ground or the bark of a tree, giving the Pokémon a secure and solid footing to forcefully fling away foes with its proud horn."
435,skuntank,"In its belly, it reserves stinky fluid that it shoots from its tail during battle. As this Pokémon’s diet varies, so does the stench of its fluid."
85,dodrio,"Apparently, the heads aren’t the only parts of the body that this Pokémon has three of. It has three sets of hearts and lungs as well, so it is capable of running long distances without rest."
743,ribombee,"It rolls up pollen into puffs. It makes many different varieties, some used as food and others used in battle."
293,whismur,"When this Pokémon cries, the sound of its own voice startles it, making the Pokémon cry even louder. It cries until it’s exhausted, then it falls asleep."
305,lairon,"this Pokémon fight over territory, and when their steel bodies collide, sparks fly."
141,kabutops,It is thought that this Pokémon came onto land because its prey adapted to life on land.
451,skorupi,"As soon as the tail claws close, its needle tips secrete poison. It can survive a year without food."
140,kabuto,"this Pokémon is a POKéMON that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in extremely rare cases, living exampleshave been discovered. The POKéMON has not changed at all for 300 million years."
93,haunter,"this Pokémon is a dangerous POKéMON. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it.This POKéMON will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away."
14,kakuna,"Able to move only slightly. When endangered, it may stick out its stinger and poison its enemy."
338,solrock,"Solar energy is the source of its power, so it is strong during the daytime. When it spins, its body shines."
374,beldum,"It converses with others by using magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison."
240,magby,"Each and every time it inhales and exhales, hot embers dribble out of its mouth and nostrils."
145,zapdos,This legendary bird POKéMON causes savagethunderstorms by flapping its glit­ tering wings.
349,feebas,"It is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water."
187,hoppip,"Its body is so light, it must grip the ground firmly with its feet to keep from being blown away."
386,deoxys,The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in this Pokémon. The crystalline organ on this Pokémon’s chest appears to be its brain.
296,makuhita,"It loves to toughen up its body above all else. If you hear quaking rumbles in a cave, it is the sound of this Pokémon undertaking strenuous training."
176,togetic,It grows dispirited if it is not with kind people. It can float in midair without moving its wings.
117,seadra,Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional-medicine ingredients.
707,klefki,"This Pokémon is constantly collecting keys. Entrust a this Pokémon with important keys, and the Pokémon will protect them no matter what."
12,butterfree,It collects honey every day. It rubs honey onto the hairs on its legs to carry it back to its nest.
61,poliwhirl,"It can live in or out of water. When out of water, it constantly sweats to keep its body slimy."
29,nidoran-f,"Although not very combative, it will torment its foeswith poison spikes if it is threat­ ened in any way."
67,machoke,"Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power-save belt to be able to regulate its motions."
548,petilil,"Although the leaves on its head are bitter enough to cause dizziness, they provide relief from weariness—even more so when boiled."
22,fearow,It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
44,gloom,"this Pokémon releases a foul fragrance from the pistil of its flower. When faced with danger, the stench worsens. If this Pokémon is feeling calm and secure, it does not release its usual stinky aroma."
319,sharpedo,Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.”
179,mareep,Its fluffy coat swells to double when static electricity builds up. Touching it can be shocking.
85,dodrio,"When Doduo evolves into this odd breed, one of its heads splits into two. It runs at nearly 40 mph."
763,tsareena,"Its long, striking legs aren’t just for show but to be used to kick with skill. In victory, it shows off by kicking the defeated, laughing boisterously."
214,heracross,"It loves sweet honey. To keep all the honey to itself, it hurls rivals away with its prized horn."
278,wingull,"It rides upon ocean winds as if it were a glider. In the winter, it hides food around its nest."
121,starmie,The center section is named the core. People think it is communicating when it glows in seven colors.
515,panpour,It does not thrive in dry environments. It keeps itself damp by shooting water stored in its head tuft from its tail.
549,lilligant,"As soon as it finds a male to be its partner, the beautiful flower on its head darkens, droops, and withers away."
78,rapidash,"The fastest runner becomes the leader, and it decides the herd’s pace and direction of travel."
445,garchomp,The protuberances on its head serve as sensors. It can even detect distant prey.
127,pinsir,this Pokémon is astoundingly strong. It can grip a foe weighing twice its weight in its horns and easily lift it. This Pokémon’s movements turn sluggish in cold places.
575,gothorita,"According to many old tales, it creates friends for itself by controlling sleeping children on starry nights."
266,silcoon,It wraps silk around the branches of a tree. It drinks rainwater on its silk while awaiting evolution.
68,machamp,"One arm alone can move mountains. Using all four arms, this Pokémon fires off awesome punches."
158,totodile,It is small but rough and tough. It won’t hesitate to take a bite out of anything that moves.
106,hitmonlee,"When in a hurry, its legs lengthen progressively.It runs smoothly with extra long, loping strides."
540,sewaddle,"Since this Pokémon makes its own clothes out of leaves, it is a popular mascot for fashion designers."
836,boltund,This Pokémon generates electricity and channels it into its legs to keep them going strong. this Pokémon can run nonstop for three full days.
90,shellder,It swims backward by opening and closing its two shells. Its large tongue is always kept hanging out.
340,whiscash,"If this Pokémon goes on a wild rampage, it sets off a quake-like tremor with a radius of over three miles. This Pokémon has the ability to predict real earthquakes."
287,slakoth,"this Pokémon lolls around for over twenty hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food.This POKéMON’s sole daily meal consists of just three leaves."
109,koffing,"Getting up close to a this Pokémon will give you a chance to observe, through its thin skin, the toxic gases swirling inside. It blows up at the slightest stimulation."
234,stantler,Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
98,krabby,"Its pincers are superb weapons. They sometimesbreak off during battle, but they grow back fast."
91,cloyster,It fights by keeping its shell tightly shut for protection and by shooting spikes to repel foes.
647,keldeo,"By blasting water from its hooves, it can glide across water. It excels at using leg moves while battling."
234,stantler,Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
84,doduo,"this Pokémon’s two heads contain completely identical brains. A scientific study reported that onrare occasions, there will be examples of this POKéMON possessing different sets of brains."
508,stoutland,Being wrapped in its long fur is so comfortable that a person would be fine even overnight on a wintry mountain.
180,flaaffy,"As a result of storing too much electricity, it developed patches where even downy wool won’t grow."
494,victini,"When it shares the infinite energy it creates, that being’s entire body will be overflowing with power."
351,castform,"Its appearance changes with the weather. Recently, its molecules were found to be just like water."
559,scraggy,"They move in small groups, walking around lazily. Anyone who makes eye contact gets smacked with a headbutt."
137,porygon,A manmade Pokémon that came about as a result of research. It is programmed with only basic motions.
259,marshtomp,It is at its best when on muddy ground with poor footing. It quickly overwhelms foes struggling in mud.
576,gothitelle,Starry skies thousands of light-years away are visible in the space distorted by their intense psychic power.
135,jolteon,"If agitated, it uses electricity to straighten out its fur and launch it in small bunches."
40,wigglytuff,"The more air it takes in, the more it inflates. If opponents catch it in a bad mood, it will inflate itself to an enormous size to intimidate them."
314,illumise,this Pokémon leads a flight of illuminated Volbeat to draw signs in the night sky. This Pokémon is said to earn greater respect from its peers by composing more complex designs in the sky.
361,snorunt,It is said that a home visited by a this Pokémon will prosper. It can withstand cold of minus 150 degrees Fahrenheit.
140,kabuto,It is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell.
329,vibrava,"To make prey faint, this Pokémon generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This Pokémon’s ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches in people."
510,liepard,Don’t be fooled by its gorgeous fur and elegant figure. This is a moody and vicious Pokémon.
550,basculin,"Red and blue this Pokémon usually do not get along, but sometimes members of one school mingle with the other’s school."
66,machop,this Pokémon exercises by hefting around a GRAVELER as if it were a barbell. There are some this Pokémon that travelthe world in a quest to master all kinds of martial arts.
190,aipom,It lives high among the treetops. It can use its tail as freely and cleverly as its hands.
426,drifblim,"It carries people and Pokémon when it flies. But since it only drifts, it can end up anywhere."
47,parasect,A host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushroomhas taken over the host bug. Prefers damp places.
471,glaceon,"By controlling its body heat, it can freeze the atmosphere around it to make a diamond-dust flurry."
704,goomy,"The weakest Dragon-type Pokémon, it lives in damp, shady places, so its body doesn’t dry out."
104,cubone,"When it thinks of its dead mother, it cries. Its crying makes the skull it wears rattle hollowly."
42,golbat,Its fangs easily puncture even thick animal hide. It loves to feast on the blood of people and POKéMON. It flits about in darkness and strikes from behind.
437,bronzong,It brought rains by opening portals to another world. It was revered as a bringer of plentiful harvests.
15,beedrill,It has three poisonous stingers on its forelegs and its tail. They are used to jab its enemy repeatedly.
20,raticate,It whittles its constantly growing fangs by gnawing on hard things. It can chew apart cinder walls.
66,machop,"Though small in stature, it is powerful enough to easily heft and throw a number of Geodude at once."
249,lugia,It is said to be the guardian of the seas. It is rumored to have been seen on the night of a storm.
645,landorus,Lands visited by this Pokémon grant such bountiful crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of the Fields.”
229,houndoom,"In a this Pokémon pack, the one with its horns raked sharply towards the back serves a leadership role.These POKéMON choose their leader by fighting amongst themselves."
430,honchkrow,"It makes its MURKROW cronies bring it food. It idles its time away, grooming itself in its nest."
475,gallade,"Because it can sense what its foe is thinking, its attacks burst out first, fast, and fierce."
588,karrablast,For some reason they evolve when they receive electrical energy while they are attacking Shelmet.
486,regigigas,There is an enduring legend that states this Pokémon towed continents with ropes.
317,swalot,It can swallow a tire whole in one gulp. It secretes a horribly toxic fluid from the pores on its body.
220,swinub,It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs.
692,clauncher,"Through controlled explosions of internal gas, it can expel water like a pistol shot. At close distances, it can shatter rock."
165,ledyba,"They communicate with one another using bodily fluids that give off odors. When they’re angry, their odor smells sour."
299,nosepass,"this Pokémon’s magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these Pokémon meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another."
238,smoochum,"Highly perceptive sensors, this Pokémon’s lips are kept moist by its daily application of tree sap."
21,spearow,"Its loud cry can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger."
130,gyarados,"The energy from evolution stimulated its brain cells strongly, causing it to become very ferocious."
468,togekiss,It will never appear where there is strife. Its sightings have become rare recently.
109,koffing,"Toxic gas is held within its thin, balloon-shaped body, so it can cause massive explosions."
545,scolipede,"Highly aggressive, it uses the claws near its neck to dig into its opponents and poison them."
532,timburr,It fights by swinging a piece of lumber around. It is close to evolving when it can handle the lumber without difficulty.
79,slowpoke,"It lazes vacantly near water. If something bites its tail, it won’t even notice for a whole day."
752,araquanid,"It acts as a caretaker for Dewpider, putting them inside its bubble and letting them eat any leftover food."
3,venusaur,"After a rainy day, the flower on its back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon."
620,mienshao,It wields the fur on its arms like a whip. Its arm attacks come with such rapidity that they cannot even be seen.
360,wynaut,It tends to move in a pack with others. They cluster in a tight group to sleep in a cave.
115,kangaskhan,It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
226,mantine,"While elegantly swimming in the sea, it ignores Remoraid that cling to its fins seeking food scraps."
544,whirlipede,"Storing energy for evolution, it sits. But, when predators approach, it moves to stab them with poison spikes."
55,golduck,"this Pokémon is the fastest swimmer among all POKéMON. It swims effortlessly, even in a rough, stormy sea.It sometimes rescues people from wrecked ships floundering in high seas."
350,milotic,Its lovely scales are described as rainbow colored. They change color depending on the viewing angle.
237,hitmontop,"It launches kicks while spinning. If it spins at high speed, it may bore its way into the ground."
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack of around ten. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork.
228,houndour,"To corner prey, they check each other’s location using barks that only they can understand."
216,teddiursa,This Pokémon likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. this Pokémon concocts its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill.
9,blastoise,The pressurized water jets on this brutal Pokémon’s shell are used for high-speed tackles.
365,walrein,"Not only does its thick blubber keep it warm, it also protects it from attacks. It shatters ice with its prized tusks."
381,latios,"A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes."
94,gengar,You can hear tales told all over the world about how this Pokémon will pay a visit to children who are naughty.
231,phanpy,"this Pokémon’s big ears serve as broad fans. When it becomes hot, it flaps the ears busily to cool down. Even the young are very strong."
96,drowzee,"It can be spotted near recreational facilities, intending to eat the pleasant dreams of children who enjoyed themselves there that day."
210,granbull,"Its well-developed lower jaw and heavy fangs are its weapons. As long as it’s not provoked, it rarely bites."
24,arbok,"To intimidate foes, it spreads its chest wide and makes eerie sounds by expelling air from its mouth."
245,suicune,this Pokémon embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness. This Pokémon has the power to purify dirty water.
663,talonflame,"this Pokémon dives toward prey at speeds of up to 310 mph and assaults them with powerful kicks, giving the prey no chance to escape."
414,mothim,It flutters around at night and steals honey from the Combee hive.
376,metagross,"METANG combined to form it. With four brains, it has the intelligence of a supercomputer."
288,vigoroth,"It can’t keep still because its blood boils with energy. It runs through the fields and mountains all day to calm itself. If it doesn’t, it can’t sleep at night."
362,glalie,"It has a body of ice that won’t melt, even with fire. It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere."
249,lugia,"It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm."
344,claydol,"If it gets wet, its body melts. When rain starts to fall, it wraps its whole body up with its psychic powers to protect itself."
81,magnemite,The units at the sides of its body generate anti­gravity energy to keep it aloft in the air.
144,articuno,A legendary bird POKéMON. It freezes waterthat is contained in winter air and makes it snow.
239,elekid,Spinning its arms around to generate electricity makes the area between its horns shine light blue.
146,moltres,One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring.
657,frogadier,"Its swiftness is unparalleled. It can scale a tower of more than 2,000 feet in a minute’s time."
69,bellsprout,Prefers hot and humid places. It ensnares tinyinsects with its vines and devours them.
660,diggersby,"With their powerful ears, they can heft boulders of a ton or more with ease. They can be a big help at construction sites."
214,heracross,"this Pokémon charges in a straight line at its foe, slips beneath the foe’s grasp, and then scoops up and hurls the opponent with its mighty horn. This Pokémon even has enough power to topple a massive tree."
254,sceptile,The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
203,girafarig,The head on its tail contains a small brain. It can instinctively fight even while facing backward.
49,venomoth,The powdery scales on its wings are hard to remove from skin. They also contain poison that leaks out on contact.
183,marill,"The end of its tail serves as a buoy that keeps it from drowning, even in a vicious current."
432,purugly,"It binds its body with its tails to make itself look bigger. If it locks eyes, it will glare ceaselessly."
116,horsea,"It makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees."
377,regirock,The same rocks that form its body have been found in ground layers around the world.
49,venomoth,It flutters its wings to scatter dustlike scales. The scales leach toxins if they contact skin.
5,charmeleon,"Tough fights could excite this POKéMON. Whenexcited, it may blow out bluish- white flames."
662,fletchinder,"It will not tolerate other this Pokémon entering its territory, which has a radius of several miles."
276,taillow,It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
9,blastoise,this Pokémon has water spouts that protrude from its shell. The water spouts are very accurate.They can shoot bullets of water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
529,drilbur,It can dig through the ground at a speed of 30 mph. It could give a car running aboveground a good race.
167,spinarak,The web spun by this Pokémon can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that this POKéMON candetermine what kind of prey is touching its web just by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web’s strands.
137,porygon,A man-made Pokémon created using advanced scientific means. It can move freely in cyberspace.
52,meowth,Appears to be more active at night. It loves round and shiny things. It can’t stop itself from picking them up.
510,liepard,"Stealthily, it sneaks up on its target, striking from behind before its victim has a chance to react."
8,wartortle,"It is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity."
129,magikarp,It is virtually worthless in terms of both power and speed. It is the most weak and pathetic Pokémon in the world.
245,suicune,This Pokémon races across the land. It is said that north winds will somehow blow whenever it appears.
106,hitmonlee,Its legs can stretch double. First-time foes are startled by its extensible reach.
547,whimsicott,"This Pokémon appears, riding upon the wind. But if the wind gusts up, it’ll blow the cotton on this Pokémon’s head clean off."
285,shroomish,"It loves to eat damp, composted soil in forests. If you enter a forest after a long rain, you can see many this Pokémon feasting on composted soil."
74,geodude,"It climbs mountain paths using only the power of its arms. Because they look just like boulders lining paths, hikers may step on them without noticing."
266,silcoon,It drinks dew that collects on its silk and waits for evolution. Its hard cocoon repels attacks.
88,grimer,"When two of these POKéMON's bodies are combinedtogether, new poisons are created."
214,heracross,"Usually docile, but if disturbed while sippinghoney, it chases off the intruder with its horn."
361,snorunt,Rich people from cold areas all share childhood memories of playing with this Pokémon.
348,armaldo,It went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor.
403,shinx,The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. It glows when in trouble.
440,happiny,"It carefully carries a round, white rock that it thinks is an egg. It’s bothered by how curly its hair looks."
706,goodra,It attacks with retractable horns. It throws a punch that’s the equivalent of the force of a hundred pro boxers.
635,hydreigon,There are a slew of stories about villages that were destroyed by this Pokémon. It bites anything that moves.
535,tympole,"By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans and warns others of danger."
115,kangaskhan,"If you come across a young this Pokémon playing by itself, you must never disturb it or attempt to catch it.The baby POKéMON’s parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged at you."
224,octillery,It loves to lurk inside holes in rocks. It sometimes sprays ink on prey by sticking out only its mouth.
52,meowth,"this Pokémon withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps.For some reason, this POKéMON loves shiny coins that glitter with light."
204,pineco,"Motionless, it hangs from trees, waiting for its bug Pokémon prey to come to it. Its favorite in Alola is Cutiefly."
351,castform,"Although its form changes with the weather, that is apparently the result of a chemical reaction and not the result of its own free will."
114,tangela,The vines that cloak its entire body are always jiggling. They effectively unnerve its foes.
101,electrode,It is known to drift on winds if it is bloated to bursting with stored electricity.
289,slaking,"Wherever this Pokémon live, rings of over a yard in diameter appear in grassy fields. They are made by the Pokémon as it eats all the grass within reach while lying prone on the ground."
489,phione,"When the water warms, they inflate the flotation sac on their heads and drift languidly on the sea in packs."
69,bellsprout,"this Pokémon’s thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, this Pokémon spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron."
458,mantyke,Scientists discovered that the distinctive patterns on its back differ by region.
70,weepinbell,It spits out POISONPOWDER to immobilize theenemy and then finishes it with a spray of ACID.
376,metagross,"this Pokémon has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a supercomputer. This Pokémon can float in the air by tucking in its four legs."
193,yanma,"By flapping its wings at high speed, it can fly freely through the air. Even sudden stops are no problem."
238,smoochum,It always rocks its head slowly backwards and forwards as if it is trying to kiss someone.
348,armaldo,"Protected by a hard shell, its body is very sturdy. It skewers prey with its claws to feed."
171,lanturn,This Pokémon flashes a bright light that blinds its prey. This creates an opening for it to deliver an electrical attack.
256,combusken,"During a battle, the hot flame in its body increases. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power."
18,pidgeot,"Its outstanding vision allows it to spot splashingMAGIKARP, even while flying at 3300 feet."
336,seviper,"For many generations, it has feuded with Zangoose. It whets its bladed tail on rocks for battle."
465,tangrowth,It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines. Losing arms to predators does not trouble it.
453,croagunk,"Fluid squeezed from its finger, albeit poisonous, is a significant ingredient in remedies for lower-back pain."
656,froakie,"It protects its skin by covering its body in delicate bubbles. Beneath its happy-go-lucky air, it keeps a watchful eye on its surroundings."
342,crawdaunt,"this Pokémon has an extremely violent nature that compels it to challenge other living things to battle. Other life-forms refuse to live in ponds inhabited by this Pokémon, making them desolate places."
112,rhydon,"Standing on its hind legs freed its forelegs and made it smarter. It is very forgetful, however."
189,jumpluff,"Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes."
471,glaceon,"It can instantaneously freeze any moisture that’s around it, creating ice pellets to shoot at its prey."
483,dialga,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that time flows when this Pokémon’s heart beats.
113,chansey,A gentle and kindhearted Pokémon that shares its nutritious eggs if it sees an injured Pokémon.
700,sylveon,this Pokémon wraps its ribbonlike feelers around its Trainer’s arm because this touch enables it to read its Trainer’s feelings.
104,cubone,"When it thinks of its dead mother, it cries. Its crying makes the skull it wears rattle hollowly."
488,cresselia,Those who sleep holding this Pokémon’s feather are assured of joyful dreams. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
215,sneasel,"A smart and sneaky Pokémon, it makes its opponents flinch by suddenly showing the claws hidden in its paws."
628,braviary,"Known as “the hero of the skies,” this Pokémon is so proud and so brave that it will never retreat, even when it’s injured."
290,nincada,"It grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes."
243,raikou,this Pokémon embodies the speed of lightning. Its roars send shock waves shuddering through the air and ground as if lightning bolts were crashing down.
474,porygon-z,Its programming was modified to enable work in alien dimensions. It did not work as planned.
359,absol,"It appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom bringer."
128,tauros,"It is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for this Pokémon to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself."
49,venomoth,It flutters its wings to scatter dustlike scales. The scales leach toxins if they contact skin.
18,pidgeot,It spreads its gorgeous wings widely to intimidate enemies. It races through the skies at Mach-2 speed.
24,arbok,The pattern on its belly is for intimidation. It constricts foes while they are frozen in fear.
320,wailmer,It shows off by spraying jets of seawater from the nostrils above its eyes. It eats a solid ton of Wishiwashi every day.
138,omanyte,An ancient POKéMON that was recovered from a fossil. Itswims by cleverly twisting its 10 tentacles about.
197,umbreon,this Pokémon evolved from exposure to the moon’s energy pulses. It lurks in darkness and waits for its foes to move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.
684,swirlix,"To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes white threads as sweet and sticky as cotton candy."
11,metapod,A steel-hard shell protects its tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution.
137,porygon,"Roughly 20 years ago, it was artificially created, utilizing the latest technology of the time."
58,growlithe,"this Pokémon has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this Pokémon won’t forget the scent, no matter what. It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things."
846,arrokuda,"After it’s eaten its fill, its movements become extremely sluggish. That’s when Cramorant swallows it up."
481,mesprit,It sleeps at the bottom of a lake. Its spirit is said to leave its body to fly on the lake’s surface.
296,makuhita,It toughens up by slamming into thick trees over and over. It gains a sturdy body and dauntless spirit.
170,chinchou,It discharges positive and negative electricity from its antenna tips to shock its foes.
332,cacturne,"It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day’s desert heat."
106,hitmonlee,"If it starts kicking repeatedly, both legs will stretch even longer to strike a fleeing foe."
180,flaaffy,"If its coat becomes fully charged with electricity, its tail lights up. It fires hair that zaps on impact."
687,malamar,It’s said that this Pokémon’s hypnotic powers played a role in certain history-changing events.
551,sandile,"It moves along below the sand’s surface, except for its nose and eyes. A dark membrane shields its eyes from the sun."
355,duskull,It loves the crying of children. It startles bad kids by passing through walls and making them cry.
271,lombre,"this Pokémon is nocturnal - it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief-maker. When this POKéMON spots anglers,it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation."
640,virizion,"It darts around opponents with a flurry of quick movements, slicing them up with its horns."
319,sharpedo,"People believe that carrying one of its discarded fangs will prevent mishaps at sea, so the fangs are made into accessories."
81,magnemite,It is hatched with the ability to defy gravity. It floats while emitting powerful electromagnetic waves.
382,kyogre,It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
363,spheal,It rolls across ice floes to reach shore because its body is poorly shaped for swimming.
525,boldore,"When it overflows with power, the orange crystal on its body glows. It looks for underground water in caves."
37,vulpix,"Both its fur and its tails are beautiful. As it grows, the tails split and form more tails."
466,electivire,"As its electric charge amplifies, blue sparks begin to crackle between its horns."
366,clamperl,this Pokémon’s sturdy shell is not only good for protection—it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown this Pokémon’s shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over.
20,raticate,"With its long fangs, this surprisingly violent Pokémon can gnaw away even thick concrete with ease."
311,plusle,"this Pokémon always acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, this Pokémon shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of sparks to show its joy."
572,minccino,"These Pokémon prefer a tidy habitat. They are always sweeping and dusting, using their tails as brooms."
613,cubchoo,"When this Pokémon is in good health, its snot becomes thicker and stickier. It will smear its snot on anyone it doesn’t like."
537,seismitoad,It increases the power of its punches by vibrating the bumps on its fists. It can turn a boulder to rubble with one punch.
211,qwilfish,"To fire its poison spikes, it must inflate its body by drinking over 2.6 gallons of water all at once."
83,farfetchd,The sprig of green onions it holds is itsweapon. It is used much like a metal sword.
265,wurmple,It lives among the tall grass and in forests. It repels attacks by raising up the spikes on its rear.
78,rapidash,It can gallop at a top speed of 150 miles per hour. It can race as fast as a bullet train while ablaze.
584,vanilluxe,"Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and, when angry, cause violent blizzards."
233,porygon2,"This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed forspace exploration. It can't fly, though."
462,magnezone,Some say that this Pokémon receives signals from space via the antenna on its head and that it’s being controlled by some mysterious being.
151,mew,"Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe this Pokémon to be the ancestor of Pokémon."
15,beedrill,"Its best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off."
535,tympole,Graceful ripples running across the water’s surface are a sure sign that this Pokémon are singing in high-pitched voices below.
715,noivern,"Although it has a violent disposition, if you give it a nice ripe fruit that it loves, this Pokémon will suddenly become tame."
141,kabutops,A slim and fast swimmer. It sliced its prey with its sharp sickles and drank the body fluids.
52,meowth,It loves anything that shines. It especially adorescoins that it picks up and se­ cretly hoards.
37,vulpix,"Inside this Pokémon’s body burns a flame that never goes out. During the daytime, when the temperatures rise, thisPOKéMON releases flames from its mouth to prevent its body from growing too hot."
467,magmortar,"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit from the ends of its arms. It lives in volcanic craters."
315,roselia,"The more healthy the this Pokémon, the more pleasant its flowers’ aroma. Its scent deeply relaxes people."
30,nidorina,The female has a gentle temperament. It emits ultrasonic cries that have the power to befuddle foes.
365,walrein,"Not only does its thick blubber keep it warm, it also protects it from attacks. It shatters ice with its prized tusks."
327,spinda,"Its steps are staggering and unsteady, but this Pokémon thinks it’s walking in a straight line."
270,lotad,"It searches about for clean water. If it does not drink water for too long, the leaf on its head wilts."
491,darkrai,"To protect itself, it afflicts those around it with nightmares. However, it means no harm."
93,haunter,"If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, this Pokémon is there."
374,beldum,"From its rear, this Pokémon emits a magnetic force that rapidly pulls opponents in. They get skewered on this Pokémon’s sharp claws."
168,ariados,It spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It is hard to tell which end is which.
350,milotic,this Pokémon has provided inspiration to many artists. It has even been referred to as the most beautiful Pokémon of all.
205,forretress,Usually found hanging on to a fat tree trunk. Itshoots out bits of its shell when it sees action.
115,kangaskhan,It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
29,nidoran-f,"While it does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from barbs can be fatal."
56,mankey,"When this Pokémon starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it’s a sure sign that it is becoming angry. However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath."
536,palpitoad,"It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to immobilize its opponents."
172,pichu,"The electric sacs in its cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked."
4,charmander,"The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when this Pokémon is enjoying itself. If the Pokémon becomes enraged, the flame burns fiercely."
13,weedle,It eats its weight in leaves every day. It fends off attackers with the needle on its head.
116,horsea,"Its big, developed fins move rapidly, allowing it toswim backward while still facing forward."
625,bisharp,"It’s accompanied by a large retinue of Pawniard. this Pokémon keeps a keen eye on its minions, ensuring none of them even think of double-crossing it."
350,milotic,"It is said to live at the bottom of large lakes. Considered to be the most beautiful of all POKéMON, it has been depicted in paintings and statues."
771,pyukumuku,"Its entire body is covered in its own slime. If you accidentally step on one, you’ll slip, and it will get mad and smack you!"
93,haunter,It likes to lurk in the dark and tap shoulders with a gaseous hand. Its touch causes endless shuddering.
175,togepi,A proverb claims that happiness will come to any­one who can make a sleeping this Pokémon stand up.
288,vigoroth,"Its heart beats at a tenfold tempo, so it cannot sit still for even a moment."
125,electabuzz,"While it’s often blamed for power outages, the truth is the cause of outages is more often an error on the part of the electric company."
221,piloswine,"With its excellent sense of smell, it’s even able to find mushrooms that are buried under frozen ground."
674,pancham,"Wanting to make sure it’s taken seriously, this Pokémon’s always giving others a glare. But if it’s not focusing, it ends up smiling."
315,roselia,"On extremely rare occasions, a this Pokémon is said to appear with its flowers in unusual colors.The thorns on this POKéMON’s head contain a vicious poison."
718,zygarde,It’s hypothesized that it’s monitoring those who destroy the ecosystem from deep in the cave where it lives.
19,rattata,"this Pokémon is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around.It is not picky about where it lives - it will make its nest anywhere."
25,pikachu,It raises its tail to check its surroundings. The tail is sometimes struck by lightning in this pose.
271,lombre,It is nocturnal and becomes active at nightfall. It feeds on aquatic mosses that grow in the riverbed.
486,regigigas,There is an enduring legend that states this Pokémon towed continents with ropes.
339,barboach,It probes muddy riverbeds with its two long whiskers. A slimy film protects its body.
44,gloom,"The honey it drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away."
122,mr-mime,"MR. MIME is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeableactually exists. Once it is believed, it will exist as if it were a real thing."
149,dragonite,this Pokémon is capable of circling the globe in just sixteen hours. It is a kindhearted POKéMON that leadslost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.
2,ivysaur,"When the bud on its back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower’s coming bloom."
646,kyurem,It can produce ultracold air. Its body is frozen.
470,leafeon,"With cells similar to those of plants, it performs photosynthesis inside its body and creates pure air."
184,azumarill,"When it plays in water, it rolls up its elongated ears to prevent their insides from getting wet."
684,swirlix,The sweet smell of cotton candy perfumes this Pokémon’s fluffy fur. This Pokémon spits out sticky string to tangle up its enemies.
438,bonsly,It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level.
327,spinda,"All the this Pokémon that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this Pokémon give it the appearance of dancing."
369,relicanth,It has remained unchanged for 100 million years. It was discovered during a deep-sea exploration.
45,vileplume,"The bud bursts into bloom with a bang. It then starts scattering allergenic, poisonous pollen."
101,electrode,It is known to drift on winds if it is bloated to bursting with stored electricity.
784,kommo-o,"When it spots enemies, it threatens them by jingling the scales on its tail. Weak opponents will crack and flee in panic."
12,butterfree,"In battle, it flaps its wings at great speed to release highly toxic dust into the air."
235,smeargle,"It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks."
298,azurill,"The ball on this Pokémon’s tail bounces like a rubber ball, and it’s full of the nutrients the Pokémon needs to grow."
17,pidgeotto,"this Pokémon claims a large area as its own territory. This Pokémon flies around, patrolling its living space. If its territory is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws."
616,shelmet,"When attacked, it defends itself by closing the lid of its shell. It can spit a sticky, poisonous liquid."
205,forretress,"When something approaches it, it fires off fragments of its steel shell in attack. This is not a conscious action but a conditioned reflex."
400,bibarel,"A river dammed by this Pokémon will never overflow its banks, which is appreciated by people nearby."
232,donphan,"It attacks by curling up, then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit."
85,dodrio,An enemy that takes its eyes off any of the threeheads--even for a second--will get pecked severely.
317,swalot,Its powerful stomach acid is capable of digesting almost anything. The one thing in the whole world a this Pokémon can’t digest is its own stomach.
207,gligar,"It flies straight at its target’s face, then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison."
315,roselia,"Its flowers give off a relaxing fragrance. The stronger its aroma, the healthier the this Pokémon is."
110,weezing,"Very rarely, a sudden mutation can result in two small KOFFING twins becoming conjoined as a this Pokémon."
167,spinarak,Some fishermen weave its sturdy thread into nets to catch fish Pokémon.
505,watchog,"When they see an enemy, their tails stand high, and they spit the seeds of berries stored in their cheek pouches."
220,swinub,"If it smells something enticing, it dashes off headlong to find the source of the aroma."
34,nidoking,"this Pokémon’s thick tail packs enormously destructive power. With one swing, it can topple a metal transmission tower. Once this Pokémon goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it."
548,petilil,"Since they prefer moist, nutrient-rich soil, the areas where this Pokémon live are known to be good for growing plants."
497,serperior,They raise their heads to intimidate opponents but only give it their all when fighting a powerful opponent.
509,purrloin,"Its cute act is a ruse. When victims let down their guard, they find their items taken. It attacks with sharp claws."
388,grotle,"It lives along water in forests. In the daytime, it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell."
247,pupitar,"Its shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it isalso very strong. Its THRASHING can topple a mountain."
314,illumise,this Pokémon leads a flight of illuminated VOLBEAT to draw signs in the night sky. This POKéMON is said to earn greaterrespect from its peers by composing more complex designs in the sky.
42,golbat,"Once it strikes, it will not stop draining energyfrom the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly."
251,celebi,"This POKéMON came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as this Pokémonappears, a bright and shining future awaits us."
224,octillery,"It ensnares its foe with its suction- cupped tentacles before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, it spews ink to escape."
2,ivysaur,"To support its bulb, this Pokémon’s legs grow sturdy. If it spends more time lying in the sunlight, the bud will soon bloom into a large flower."
198,murkrow,this Pokémon was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune. This POKéMON shows strong interest inanything that sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women.
139,omastar,"Weighed down by a large and heavy shell, this Pokémon couldn’t move very fast. Some say it went extinct because it was unable to catch food."
254,sceptile,It agilely leaps about the jungle and uses the sharp leaves on its arms to strike its prey.
783,hakamo-o,It leaps at its prey with a courageous shout. Its scaly punches tear its opponents to shreds.
219,magcargo,Its brittle shell occasionally spouts intense flames that circulate throughout its body.
775,komala,The log it holds was given to it by its parents at birth. It has also been known to cling to the arm of a friendly Trainer.
342,crawdaunt,"Loving to battle, this Pokémon pinches all Pokémon that enter its territory with its pincers and throws them out."
426,drifblim,"There’s a rumor that if you catch a this Pokémon floating on the wind at dusk, you’ll be carried away to the afterlife."
411,bastiodon,Any frontal attack is repulsed. It is a docile Pokémon that feeds on grass and berries.
514,simisear,"When it gets excited, embers rise from its head and tail and it gets hot. For some reason, it loves sweets."
45,vileplume,"The larger its petals, the more toxic pollen itcontains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up."
800,necrozma,"It needs light to survive, and it goes on a rampage seeking it out. Its laser beams will cut anything to pieces."
755,morelull,"As it drowses the day away, it nourishes itself by sucking from tree roots. It wakens at the fall of night, wandering off in search of a new tree."
252,treecko,"The soles of its feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings."
328,trapinch,It makes an inescapable conical pit and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
60,poliwag,The direction of the spiral on the belly differs byarea. It is more adept at swimming than walking.
266,silcoon,"this Pokémon was thought to endure hunger and not consume anything before its evolution. However, it is now thought that this Pokémon slakes its thirst by drinking rainwater that collects on its silk."
260,swampert,It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
267,beautifly,Vibrantly patterned wings are its prominent feature. It sucks sweet flower nectar with its long mouth.
628,braviary,"It’s thought that people disturbed their habitats in the past, so this Pokémon banded together to fight back."
182,bellossom,"When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open."
452,drapion,"Possessing a sturdy build, it takes pride in its strength, taking down foes without using toxins."
639,terrakion,"Spoken of in legend, this Pokémon used its phenomenal power to destroy a castle in its effort to protect Pokémon."
526,gigalith,"This hardy Pokémon can often be found on construction sites and in mines, working alongside people and Copperajah."
638,cobalion,It has a body and heart of steel. Its glare is sufficient to make even an unruly Pokémon obey it.
8,wartortle,"It is a well-established symbol of longevity. If its shell has algae on it, that this Pokémon is very old."
66,machop,"Always brimming with power, it passes time by lifting boulders. Doing so makes it even stronger."
648,meloetta,Many famous songs have been inspired by the melodies that this Pokémon plays.
23,ekans,"The older it gets, the longer it grows. At night, it wraps its long body around tree branches to rest."
75,graveler,"Often seen rolling down mountain trails. Obstaclesare just things to roll straight over, not avoid."
48,venonat,"Its big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light."
573,cinccino,Its body secretes oil that this Pokémon spreads over its nest as a coating to protect it from dust. this Pokémon won’t tolerate even a speck of the stuff.
162,furret,The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed.
244,entei,A POKéMON that races across the land. It is said that one is born every time a new volcano appears.
57,primeape,It stops being angry only when nobody else is around. To view this moment is very difficult.
79,slowpoke,Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes 5 secondsfor it to feel pain when under attack.
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon that is said to appear to doomed people who are lost in icy mountains.
595,joltik,"They attach themselves to large-bodied Pokémon and absorb static electricity, which they store in an electric pouch."
136,flareon,"It has a flame chamber inside its body. It inhales,then blows out fire that is over 3,000F degrees."
424,ambipom,They live on large trees. They are said to communicate by connecting their tails to those of others.
410,shieldon,"A mild-mannered, herbivorous Pokémon, it used its face to dig up tree roots to eat. The skin on its face was plenty tough."
115,kangaskhan,The child in its pouch leaves home after roughly three years. That is the only time the mother is heard to cry wildly.
311,plusle,It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
379,registeel,"Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched."
18,pidgeot,"This POKéMON has a dazzling plumage of beautifully glossy feathers. Many TRAINERS are captivated by thestriking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling them to choose this Pokémon as their POKéMON."
709,trevenant,"This Pokémon controls trees via roots stretching from its feet, and it will attack anyone that dares to ravage the forest."
32,nidoran-m,"The male NIDORAN has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved inany direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this POKéMON’s notice."
59,arcanine,A Pokémon that has long been admired for its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.
243,raikou,This POKéMON races across the land while barking a cry that sounds like crashing thunder.
297,hariyama,It stomps on the ground to build power. It can send a 10-ton truck flying with a straight-arm punch.
418,buizel,"It inflates its flotation sac, keeping its face above water in order to watch for prey movement."
142,aerodactyl,"A vicious Pokémon from the distant past, it appears to have flown by spreading its wings and gliding."
43,oddish,It often plants its root feet in the ground during the day and sows seeds as it walks about at night.
104,cubone,"this Pokémon pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries.The stains on the skull the POKéMON wears are made by the tears it sheds."
82,magneton,The stronger electromagnetic waves from the three linked Magnemite are enough to dry out surrounding moisture.
145,zapdos,this Pokémon is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. The Pokémon gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts.
858,hatterene,"If you’re too loud around it, you risk being torn apart by the claws on its tentacle. This Pokémon is also known as the Forest Witch."
427,buneary,"By extending its rolled-up ears and striking the ground, it can bound so high it surprises itself."
589,escavalier,"It charges its enemies, lances at the ready. An image of one of its duels is captured in a famous painting of this Pokémon clashing with Sirfetch’d."
170,chinchou,It discharges positive and negative electricity from its antenna tips to shock its foes.
78,rapidash,"It gallops at nearly 150 mph. With its mane blazing ferociously, it races as if it were an arrow."
373,salamence,"By evolving into this Pokémon, this POKéMON finally realizes its long-held dream of growing wings.To express its joy, it flies and wheels all over the sky while spouting flames from its mouth."
21,spearow,"It flaps its small wings busily to fly. Using its beak, it searches in grass for prey."
138,omanyte,"In prehistoric times, it swam on the sea floor,eating plankton. Its fossils are sometimes found."
26,raichu,"If the electrical sacks become excessively charged, this Pokémon plants its tail in the ground and discharges.Scorched patches of ground will be found near this POKéMON’s nest."
88,grimer,Appears in filthy areas. Thrives by sucking uppolluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.
436,bronzor,"It appears in ancient ruins. The pattern on its body doesn’t come from any culture in the Galar region, so it remains shrouded in mystery."
27,sandshrew,"It digs deep burrows to live in. When in danger, it rolls up its body to withstand attacks."
446,munchlax,"It hides food under its long body hair. However, it forgets it has hidden the food."
63,abra,This Pokémon uses its psychic powers while it sleeps. The contents of this Pokémon’s dreams affect the powers that the Pokémon wields.
546,cottonee,"They go wherever the wind takes them. On rainy days, their bodies are heavier, so they take shelter beneath big trees."
603,eelektrik,"These Pokémon have a big appetite. When they spot their prey, they attack it and paralyze it with electricity."
757,salandit,"The males will do whatever the females tell them. They give the females most of their food. Due to malnutrition, the males can’t evolve."
26,raichu,"As electricity builds up inside its body, it becomes more aggressive. One theory is that the electricity buildup is actually causing stress."
137,porygon,The world’s first artificially created Pokémon. It can travel through electronic space.
369,relicanth,A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.
413,wormadam,It is said that a this Pokémon that evolves on a cold day will have a thicker cloak.
242,blissey,Anyone who takes even one bite of this Pokémon's egg be­comes unfailingly caring and pleas­ ant to everyone.
167,spinarak,"Although the poison from its fangs isn’t that strong, it’s potent enough to weaken prey that gets caught in its web."
246,larvitar,"this Pokémon is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this POKéMON must eat its way through the soil above.Until it does so, this Pokémon cannot see its parent’s face."
320,wailmer,this Pokémon’s nostrils are located above its eyes. This playful Pokémon loves to startle people by forcefully snorting out seawater it stores inside its body out of its nostrils.
102,exeggcute,"Six of them together form a full-fledged Pokémon. It’s often hunted by Crabrawler, but uses psychokinesis to drive it off."
330,flygon,"By flapping their wings, this Pokémon cause sandstorms that conceal Krookodile. The team then splits the prey they catch."
27,sandshrew,"this Pokémon’s body is configured to absorb water without waste, enabling it to survive in an arid desert.This POKéMON curls up to protect itself from its enemies."
257,blaziken,"Flames spout from its wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes."
469,yanmega,It prefers to battle by biting apart foes’ heads instantly while flying by at high speed.
84,doduo,"Its short wings make flying dif­ ficult. Instead,this POKéMON runs at high speed on developed legs."
62,poliwrath,this Pokémon is skilled at both swimming and martial arts. It uses its well-trained arms to dish out powerful punches.
161,sentret,"It stands on its tail so it can see a long way. If it spots an enemy, it cries loudly to warn its kind."
44,gloom,"It secretes a sticky, drool-like honey. Although sweet, it smells too repulsive to get very close."
149,dragonite,It is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore.
377,regirock,"this Pokémon was sealed away by people long ago. If this Pokémon’s body is damaged in battle, it is said to seek out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself."
265,wurmple,this Pokémon is targeted by Swellow as prey. This Pokémon will try to resist by pointing the spikes on its rear at the attacking predator. It will weaken the foe by leaking poison from the spikes.
204,pineco,"It sticks tree bark to itself with its saliva, making itself thicker and larger. Elderly this Pokémon are ridiculously huge."
390,chimchar,It agilely scales sheer cliffs to live atop craggy mountains. Its fire is put out when it sleeps.
475,gallade,"A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows."
77,ponyta,"As a newborn, it can barely stand. However, through galloping, its legs are made tougher and faster."
90,shellder,Its hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
467,magmortar,"this Pokémon takes down its enemies by shooting fireballs, which burn them to a blackened crisp. It avoids this method when hunting prey."
118,goldeen,"Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroomdress, giving it the nickname of the Water Queen."
213,shuckle,"this Pokémon quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its hard shell while eatingberries it has stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice."
723,dartrix,"This narcissistic Pokémon is a clean freak. If you don’t groom it diligently, it will stop listening to you."
47,parasect,"this Pokémon is known to infest large trees en masse and drain nutrients from the lower trunk and roots. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once."
26,raichu,"When electricity builds up inside its body, it becomes feisty. It also glows in the dark."
551,sandile,They live buried in the sands of the desert. The sun-warmed sands prevent their body temperature from dropping.
664,scatterbug,"The powder that covers its body regulates its temperature, so it can live in any region or climate."
41,zubat,"Even though it has no eyes, it can sense obstacles using ultrasonic waves it emits from its mouth."
619,mienfoo,"They have mastered elegant combos. As they concentrate, their battle moves become swifter and more precise."
176,togetic,"this Pokémon is said to be a POKéMON that brings good fortune. When the POKéMON spots someone who is pure of heart,it is said to appear and share its happiness with that person."
54,psyduck,It has mystical powers but doesn’t recall that it has used them. That is why it always looks puzzled.
347,anorith,"This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. this Pokémon lived in the ocean about 100,000,000 years ago, hunting with its pair of claws."
96,drowzee,"It puts its prey to sleep and devours their dreams. It seems that bad dreams taste sour, so this Pokémon doesn’t particularly like eating them."
72,tentacool,"Because its body is almost entirely composed of water, it shrivels up if it is washed ashore."
376,metagross,"this Pokémon has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations fasterthan a supercomputer. This POKéMON can float in the air by tucking in its four legs."
255,torchic,"A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit."
67,machoke,It happily carries heavy cargo to toughen up. It willingly does hard work for people.
147,dratini,It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.
121,starmie,"this Pokémon’s center section - the core - glows brightly in seven colors. Because of its luminous nature, thisPOKéMON has been given the nickname “the gem of the sea.”"
297,hariyama,It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
175,togepi,The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly.
69,bellsprout,Prefers hot and humid places. It ensnares tiny bugs with its vines and devours them.
624,pawniard,"Blades comprise this Pokémon’s entire body. If battling dulls the blades, it sharpens them on stones by the river."
138,omanyte,A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas.
105,marowak,It is small and was originally very weak. Its temperament turned ferocious when it began using bones.
472,gliscor,"It observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. When the chance presents itself, it swoops!"
168,ariados,"It attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends."
491,darkrai,It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of the new moon.
489,phione,"It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted."
537,seismitoad,"This Pokémon is popular among the elderly, who say the vibrations of its lumps are great for massages."
98,krabby,It can be found near the sea. The large pincers grow back if they are torn out of their sockets.
341,corphish,"No matter how dirty the water in the river, it will adapt and thrive. It has a strong will to survive."
462,magnezone,It evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism.
461,weavile,"Thanks to its increased intelligence, scrapping over food is a thing of the past. A scratch from its claws will give you a case of frostbite!"
545,scolipede,this Pokémon latches on to its prey with the claws on its neck before slamming them into the ground and jabbing them with its claws’ toxic spikes.
121,starmie,Its central core glows with the seven colors ofthe rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem.
450,hippowdon,It blasts internally stored sand from ports on its body to create a towering twister for attack.
20,raticate,"Its hind feet are webbed. They act as flippers, so it can swim in rivers and hunt for prey."
419,floatzel,It is a common sight around fishing ports. It is known to rescue people and carry off prey.
504,patrat,"Extremely cautious, one of them will always be on the lookout, but it won’t notice a foe coming from behind."
23,ekans,It sneaks through grass without making a sound and strikes unsuspecting prey from behind.
57,primeape,"It grows angry if you see its eyes and gets angrier if you run. If you beat it, it gets even madder."
613,cubchoo,"Their snot is a barometer of health. When healthy, their snot is sticky and the power of their ice moves increases."
81,magnemite,this Pokémon floats in the air by emitting electromagnetic waves from the units at its sides. These waves block gravity. This Pokémon becomes incapable of flight if its internal electrical supply is depleted.
545,scolipede,It clasps its prey with the claws on its neck until it stops moving. Then it finishes it off with deadly poison.
240,magby,"It is found in volcanic craters. Its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit, so don’t underestimate it."
114,tangela,It tangles any moving thing with its vines. Their subtle shaking is ticklish if you get ensnared.
97,hypno,"this Pokémon holds a pendulum in its hand. The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum lull the foe into a deep state of this Pokémonsis. While this Pokémon searches for prey, it polishes the pendulum."
139,omastar,"An this Pokémon uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too large, making its movements slow and ponderous."
371,bagon,"Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day."
590,foongus,It lures Pokémon with its pattern that looks just like a Poké Ball then releases poison spores.
284,masquerain,"this Pokémon’s antennas have eyelike patterns that usually give it an angry look. If the “eyes” are droopy andappear sad, it is said to be a sign that a heavy rainfall is on its way."
416,vespiquen,It houses its colony in cells in its body and releases various pheromones to make those grubs do its bidding.
750,mudsdale,Mud that hardens around a this Pokémon’s legs sets harder than stone. It’s so hard that it allows this Pokémon to scrap a truck with a single kick.
396,starly,"They flock around mountains and fields, chasing after bug Pokémon. Their singing is noisy and annoying."
111,rhyhorn,"A Pokémon with a one-track mind. Once it charges, it won’t stop running until it falls asleep."
7,squirtle,"It shelters itself in its shell, then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity."
569,garbodor,It clenches opponents with its left arm and finishes them off with foul-smelling poison gas belched from its mouth.
131,lapras,A POKéMON that has been over­ hunted almost toextinction. It can ferry people across the water.
75,graveler,"With a free and uncaring nature, it doesn’t mind if pieces break off while it rolls down mountains."
616,shelmet,"When it and Karrablast are together, and both receive electrical stimulation, they both evolve."
66,machop,"Though small in stature, it is powerful enough to easily heft and throw a number of Geodude at once."
37,vulpix,"It controls balls of fire. As it grows, its six tails split from their tips to make more tails."
350,milotic,It’s said that a glimpse of a this Pokémon and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you’re feeling.
118,goldeen,"Its dorsal, pectoral, and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the water dancer."
48,venonat,"this Pokémon is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection. It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even minuscule prey."
373,salamence,"As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out."
529,drilbur,It brings its claws together and whirls around at high speed before rushing toward its prey.
403,shinx,All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded.
381,latios,It understands human speech and is highly intelligent. It is a tender Pokémon that dislikes fighting.
526,gigalith,The solar rays it absorbs are processed in its energy core and fired as a ball of light.
528,swoobat,Anyone who comes into contact with the ultrasonic waves emitted by a courting male experiences a positive mood shift.
652,chesnaught,Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank. It shields its allies from danger with its own body.
476,probopass,It freely controls three units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force.
42,golbat,"Once it bites, it will not stop draining energy from the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly."
807,zeraora,"It approaches its enemies at the speed of lightning, then tears them limb from limb with its sharp claws."
126,magmar,"Born in an active volcano. Its body is always cloaked in flames, so it looks like a big ball of fire."
76,golem,It is capable of blowing itself up. It uses thisexplosive force to jump from mountain to mountain.
194,wooper,"It lives in cold water, half burying itself in mud at the bottom to sleep."
417,pachirisu,A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity.
433,chingling,It emits cries by agitating an orb at the back of its throat. It moves with flouncing hops.
352,kecleon,"It can freely change its body’s color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn’t change, however."
273,seedot,"When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon."
397,staravia,"They maintain huge flocks, although fierce scuffles break out between various flocks."
564,tirtouga,"Restored from a fossil, this Pokémon can dive to depths beyond half a mile."
130,gyarados,It has an extremely aggressive nature. The Hyper Beam it shoots from its mouth totally incinerates all targets.
169,crobat,Having four wings allows it to fly more quickly and quietly so it can sneak up on prey without its noticing.
245,suicune,"Said to be the embodiment of north winds, it can instantly purify filthy, murky water."
157,typhlosion,It attacks using blasts of fire. It creates heat shimmers with intense fire to hide itself.
148,dragonair,A mystical POKéMON that exudes a gentle aura.Has the ability to change climate conditions.
50,diglett,"this Pokémon are raised in most farms. The reason is simple - wherever this POKéMON burrows, the soil is leftperfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables."
890,eternatus,The core on its chest absorbs energy emanating from the lands of the Galar region. This energy is what allows this Pokémon to stay active.
4,charmander,"The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when this Pokémon is happy, and blazes when it is enraged."
287,slakoth,It spends nearly all its time in a day sprawled out. Just seeing it makes one drowsy.
607,litwick,"While shining a light and pretending to be a guide, it leeches off the life force of any who follow it."
560,scrafty,"As halfhearted as this Pokémon’s kicks may seem, they pack enough power to shatter Conkeldurr’s concrete pillars."
431,glameow,It hides its spiteful tendency of hooking its claws into the nose of its Trainer if it isn’t fed.
298,azurill,"Its tail, which is packed with nutrition, is very bouncy like a rubber ball. On sunny days they gather at the edge of water and splash about for fun."
606,beheeyem,"Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three fingers, but those patterns haven’t been decoded."
191,sunkern,"It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. Knowing it’s weak, it simply feeds until it evolves."
91,cloyster,"this Pokémon that live in seas with harsh tidal currentsgrow large, sharp spikes on their shells."
238,smoochum,"If its face gets even slightly dirty, this Pokémon will bathe immediately. But if its body gets dirty, this Pokémon doesn’t really seem to care."
705,sliggoo,"It drives away opponents by excreting a sticky liquid that can dissolve anything. Its eyes devolved, so it can’t see anything."
889,zamazenta,"In times past, it worked together with a king of the people to save the Galar region. It absorbs metal that it then uses in battle."
494,victini,"It creates an unlimited supply of energy inside its body, which it shares with those who touch it."
387,turtwig,"The shell on its back is made of soil. On a very healthy this Pokémon, the shell should feel moist."
310,manectric,this Pokémon discharges strong electricity from its mane. The mane is used for collecting electricity in theatmosphere. This POKéMON creates thunderclouds above its head.
193,yanma,"If it flaps its wings really fast, it can generate shock waves that will shatter windows in the area."
112,rhydon,Its brain developed when it began walking on its hind legs. Its armor-like hide even repels molten lava.
38,ninetales,Its nine tails are said to be imbued with a mystic power. It can live for a thousand years.
16,pidgey,"Very docile. If attacked, it will often kick upsand to protect itself rather than fight back."
147,dratini,It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.
187,hoppip,"To keep from being blown away by the wind, they gatherin clusters. They do enjoy gentle breezes, though."
141,kabutops,It swims freely through water. It catches prey with its scythe-like arms and drains the victim’s fluids.
167,spinarak,"It waits intently until its preferred prey, Cutiefly, gets caught in its web. In fact, it’s quite a patient Pokémon."
119,seaking,"In autumn, its body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate. It takes on beautiful colors."
204,pineco,It likes to make its shell thicker by adding layersof tree bark. The additional weight doesn't bother it.
281,kirlia,The cheerful spirit of its TRAINER gives it energy for its psychokinetic power. It spins and dances when happy.
15,beedrill,"this Pokémon is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest - this is for their own safety.If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm."
240,magby,"This Pokémon is still small and timid. Whenever this Pokémon gets excited or surprised, flames leak from its mouth and its nose."
55,golduck,It appears by waterways at dusk. It may use telekinetic powers if its forehead glows mysteriously.
226,mantine,"On sunny days, schools of this Pokémon can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea’s waves. This Pokémon is not bothered by the Remoraid that hitches rides."
525,boldore,"Because its energy was too great to be contained, the energy leaked and formed orange crystals."
116,horsea,"If this Pokémon senses danger, it will reflexively spray a dense black ink from its mouth and try to escape.This POKéMON swims by cleverly flapping the fins on its back."
221,piloswine,"Because the long hair all over its body obscures its sight, it just keeps charging repeatedly."
519,pidove,These Pokémon live in cities. They are accustomed to people. Flocks often gather in parks and plazas.
559,scraggy,"Proud of its sturdy skull, it suddenly headbutts everything, but its weight makes it unstable, too."
359,absol,"It appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom-bringer."
251,celebi,"This Pokémon came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as this Pokémon appears, a bright and shining future awaits us."
34,nidoking,"It uses its powerful tail in battle to smash,constrict, then break the prey's bones."
100,voltorb,It was discovered when POKé BALLS were introduced.It is said that there is some connection.
120,staryu,"If its body is torn, it can grow back if the red core remains. The core flashes at midnight."
330,flygon,It whips up sandstorms with powerful flaps of its wings. It is known as “The Desert Spirit.”
327,spinda,Its steps are shaky and stumbling. Walking for a long time makes it feel sick.
648,meloetta,The melodies sung by this Pokémon have the power to make Pokémon that hear them happy or sad.
221,piloswine,this Pokémon is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold. This Pokémon uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
204,pineco,It looks just like a this Pokémonne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
621,druddigon,"It races through narrow caves, using its sharp claws to catch prey. The skin on its face is harder than a rock."
669,flabebe,Flabébé wears a crown made from pollen it’s collected from its flower. The crown has hidden healing properties.
253,grovyle,"It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch."
135,jolteon,It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere toblast out 10000- volt lightning bolts.
783,hakamo-o,"It makes noise by clanging its scales together. When the rhythm has reached its peak, this Pokémon attacks."
49,venomoth,It flutters its wings to scatter dustlike scales. The scales leach toxins if they contact skin.
383,groudon,This legendary POKéMON is said to represent the land. It went to sleep after dueling KYOGRE.
208,steelix,"It is said that if an Onix lives for over 100 years, its composition changes to become diamond-like."
29,nidoran-f,"While it does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from barbs can be fatal."
111,rhyhorn,"It can remember only one thing at a time. Once itstarts rushing, it forgets why it started."
188,skiploom,"this Pokémon’s flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees F. How much the flower opens depends onthe temperature. For that reason, this POKéMON is sometimes used as a thermometer."
374,beldum,"Its cells are all magnetic, and it communicates with others by using magnetic pulses."
781,dhelmise,"After lowering its anchor, it waits for its prey. It catches large Wailord and drains their life-force."
444,gabite,"In rare cases, it molts and sheds its scales. Medicine containing its scales as an ingredient will make a weary body feel invigorated."
116,horsea,Known to shoot down flying bugs with precisionblasts of ink from the surface of the water.
296,makuhita,"this Pokémon is tenacious—it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this Pokémon stores more energy in its body for evolving."
687,malamar,It flashes the pattern on its torso to control its prey and draw them in. The edges of its fins are supremely sharp.
44,gloom,"Smells incredibly foul! However, around one out of a thousand people enjoy sniffing its nose-bending stink."
416,vespiquen,It releases various pheromones to make the grubs in its body do its bidding while fighting foes.
140,kabuto,"this Pokémon is a Pokémon that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in extremely rare cases, living examples have been discovered. The Pokémon has not changed at all for 300 million years."
121,starmie,People in ancient times imagined that this Pokémon were transformed from the reflections of stars that twinkled on gentle waves at night.
256,combusken,Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
38,ninetales,"Each of its nine tails is imbued with supernatural power, and it can live for a thousand years."
575,gothorita,"On nights when the stars shine, this Pokémon’s psychic power is at its strongest. It’s unknown just what link this Pokémon has to the greater universe."
3,venusaur,"After a rainy day, the flower on its back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon."
233,porygon2,"With planetary development software installed, it became capable of working in space."
715,noivern,"Aggressive and cruel, this Pokémon will ruthlessly torment enemies that are helpless in the dark."
445,garchomp,It flies at speeds equal to a jet fighter plane. It never allows its prey to escape.
210,granbull,"It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs."
150,mewtwo,"It usually remains motionless to conserve energy, so that it may unleash its full power in battle."
11,metapod,The shell covering this POKéMON’s body is as hard as an iron slab. this Pokémon does not move very much.It stays still because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the hard shell.
485,heatran,"Boiling blood, like magma, circulates through its body. It makes its dwelling place in volcanic caves."
190,aipom,"Its tail ends with a dexterous, handlike appendage. However, because it uses the tail so much, this Pokémon’s real hands have become rather clumsy."
490,manaphy,"Born on a cold seafloor, it will swim great distances to return to its birthplace."
173,cleffa,"Because of its unusual, starlike silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor."
71,victreebel,"Once ingested into this POKéMON's body, even thehardest object will melt into nothing."
216,teddiursa,"Before food becomes scarce in wintertime, its habit is to hoard food in many hidden locations."
61,poliwhirl,It marches over the land in search of bug Pokémon to eat. Then it takes them underwater so it can dine on them where it’s safe.
644,zekrom,"Concealing itself in lightning clouds, it flies throughout the Unova region. It creates electricity in its tail."
129,magikarp,"For no reason, it jumps and splashes about, making it easy for predators like PIDGEOTTO to catch it mid-jump."
302,sableye,"This Pokémon is feared. When its gemstone eyes begin to glow with a sinister shine, it’s believed that this Pokémon will steal people’s spirits away."
119,seaking,"During spawning season, this Pokémon gather from allover, coloring the rivers a brilliant red."
12,butterfree,"Its wings, covered with poisonous powders, repelwater. This allows it to fly in the rain."
115,kangaskhan,The infant rarely ventures out of its mother'sprotective pouch until it is 3 years old.
280,ralts,"If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly."
629,vullaby,Their wings are too tiny to allow them to fly. They guard their posteriors with bones that were gathered by Mandibuzz.
263,zigzagoon,"this Pokémon that adapted to regions outside Galar acquired this appearance. If you’ve lost something, this Pokémon can likely find it."
62,poliwrath,"With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting."
425,drifloon,These Pokémon are called the “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.” Children holding them sometimes vanish.
222,corsola,"this Pokémon’s branches glitter very beautifully in seven colors when they catch sunlight. If any branch breaks off, this Pokémon grows it back in just one night."
6,charizard,"Breathing intense, hot flames, it can melt almost any­thing. Its breath inflicts terrible pain on enemies."
329,vibrava,"It vibrates its wings vigorously, creating ultrasonic waves that cause serious headaches."
467,magmortar,"When launching 3,600 degrees F fireballs, its body takes on a whitish hue from the intense heat."
374,beldum,"With magnetic traction, it pulls its opponents in close. When they’re in range, it slashes them with its rear claws."
803,poipole,This Ultra Beast is well enough liked to be chosen as a first partner in its own world.
131,lapras,"They have gentle hearts. Because they rarely fight,many have been caught. Their num­ ber has dwindled."
395,empoleon,The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns.
478,froslass,Legends in snowy regions say that a woman who was lost on an icy mountain was reborn as this Pokémon
274,nuzleaf,"It lives deep in forests. With the leaf on its head, it makes a flute whose song makes listeners uneasy."
62,poliwrath,"this Pokémon’s highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this Pokémon can swim back and forth across the ocean without effort."
129,magikarp,this Pokémon is a pathetic excuse for a Pokémon that is only capable of flopping and splashing. This behavior prompted scientists to undertake research into it.
4,charmander,"Obviously prefers hot places. When it rains, steamis said to spout from the tip of its tail."
95,onix,Burrows at high speed in search of food. Thetunnels it leaves are used as homes by DIGLETTs.
42,golbat,"Flitting around in the dead of night, it sinks its fangs into its prey and drains a nearly fatal amount of blood."
372,shelgon,The cells within its body are changing at a bewildering pace. Its hard shell is made from the same substance as bone.
407,roserade,"Its sweet aroma attracts prey. Then it spews poison. The more toxic it is, the sweeter its aroma."
93,haunter,"On moonless nights, this Pokémon searches for someone to curse, so it’s best not to go out walking around."
118,goldeen,"Though it appears very elegant when swimming with fins unfurled, it can jab powerfully with its horn."
356,dusclops,Anyone who dares peer into its body to see its spectral ball of fire will have their spirit stolen away.
248,tyranitar,"If it rampages, it knocks down mountains and buries rivers. Maps must be redrawn afterward."
105,marowak,"From its birth, this savage Pokémon constantly holds bones. It is skilled in using them as weapons."
22,fearow,"With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloftwithout ever having to land for rest."
595,joltik,this Pokémon can be found clinging to other Pokémon. It’s soaking up static electricity because it can’t produce a charge on its own.
583,vanillish,"Snowy mountains are this Pokémon’s habitat. During an ancient ice age, they moved to southern areas."
122,mr-mime,It is adept at conning people. It is said to be able to create walls out of thin air by miming.
111,rhyhorn,"Its body is clad in a thick hide, and its tackles topple buildings. Unfortunately, it is not smart."
307,meditite,It never skips its daily yoga training. It heightens its inner strength through meditation.
760,bewear,The moves it uses to take down its prey would make a martial artist jealous. It tucks subdued prey under its arms to carry them to its nest.
690,skrelp,It looks just like rotten kelp. It hides from foes while storing up power for its evolution.
551,sandile,"It moves along below the sand’s surface, except for its nose and eyes. A dark membrane shields its eyes from the sun."
3,venusaur,"As it warms it­ self and absorbs the sunlight, itsflower petals release a pleasant fragrance."
230,kingdra,It stores energy by sleeping at underwater depths at which no other life-forms can survive.
656,froakie,It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise take when attacked.
151,mew,"Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe this Pokémon to be the ancestor of Pokémon."
566,archen,"This Pokémon was successfully restored from a fossil. As research suggested, this Pokémon is unable to fly. But it’s very good at jumping."
701,hawlucha,"With its wings, it controls its position in the air. It likes to attack from above, a maneuver that is difficult to defend against."
481,mesprit,"Known as “The Being of Emotion.” It taught humans the nobility of sorrow, pain, and joy."
528,swoobat,"It emits sound waves of various frequencies from its nose, including some powerful enough to destroy rocks."
582,vanillite,It feels pleasantly cool when embraced. This Pokémon is treasured by households in warm regions.
557,dwebble,"It makes a hole in a suitable rock. If that rock breaks, the Pokémon remains agitated until it locates a replacement."
845,cramorant,"It’s so strong that it can knock out some opponents in a single hit, but it also may forget what it’s battling midfight."
312,minun,"It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks."
552,krokorok,"Although this Pokémon has specialized eyes that allow it to see in the dark, this Pokémon won’t move much at night—the desert gets cold after sunset."
251,celebi,This POKéMON wanders across time. Grass and trees flourish in the forests in which it has appeared.
34,nidoking,"It uses its powerful tail in battle to smash, constrict, then break the prey’s bones."
670,floette,"It raises flowers and uses them as weapons. The more gorgeous the blossom, the more power it contains."
52,meowth,Adores round objects. It wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change.
77,ponyta,"It can’t run properly when it’s newly born. As it races around with others of its kind, its legs grow stronger."
687,malamar,"Gazing at its luminescent spots will quickly induce a hypnotic state, putting the observer under this Pokémon’s control."
463,lickilicky,A contest is under way to determine which one can stick its tongue out the farthest. The current record is...more than 82 feet.
51,dugtrio,"Its three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles."
286,breloom,Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
382,kyogre,It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
348,armaldo,"this Pokémon usually lives on land. However, when it hunts for prey, it dives beneath the ocean. It swims around using its two large wings."
155,cyndaquil,"this Pokémon protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back. The flames are vigorous if the Pokémon is angry. However, if it is tired, the flames splutter fitfully with incomplete combustion."
333,swablu,"For some reason, it likes to land on people’s heads softly and act like it’s a hat."
472,gliscor,"It observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. When the chance presents itself, it swoops!"
170,chinchou,"Its antennae, whi­ ch evolved from a fin, have both po­sitive and neg­ ative charges flo­ wing through them."
386,deoxys,An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon.
525,boldore,"It relies on sound in order to monitor what’s in its vicinity. When angered, it will attack without ever changing the direction it’s facing."
503,samurott,"In the time it takes a foe to blink, it can draw and sheathe the seamitars attached to its front legs."
438,bonsly,It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level.
279,pelipper,"this Pokémon searches for food while in flight by skimming the wave tops. This Pokémon dips its large bill in the sea to scoop up food, then swallows everything in one big gulp."
271,lombre,"this Pokémon’s entire body is covered by a slippery, slimy film. It feels horribly unpleasant to be touched by this Pokémon’s hands. this Pokémon is often mistaken for a human child."
550,basculin,"Red and blue this Pokémon usually do not get along, but sometimes members of one school mingle with the other’s school."
587,emolga,It glides on its outstretched membrane while shocking foes with the electricity stored in the pouches on its cheeks.
466,electivire,"It pushes the tips of its two tails against the foe, then lets loose with over 20,000 volts of power."
174,igglybuff,"Its body has a faintly sweet scent and is bouncy and soft. If it bounces even once, it cannot stop."
5,charmeleon,"It has a barbaric nature. In battle, it whips its fiery tail around and slashes away with sharp claws."
301,delcatty,It is highly popular among female Trainers for its sublime fur. It does not keep a nest.
359,absol,It appears from deep in the mountains to warn people about upcoming disasters it has sensed with its horn.
299,nosepass,"this Pokémon’s magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these POKéMON meet, they cannot turntheir faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another."
623,golurk,"When the seal on its chest is removed, it rages indiscriminately, turning the whole town around it into a mountain of rubble."
243,raikou,this Pokémon embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this Pokémon send shock waves shuddering through the air and shake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down.
240,magby,"If a this Pokémon is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames."
374,beldum,"The magnetic force generated by its body repels the ground’s natural magnetism, letting it float."
533,gurdurr,"this Pokémon excels at demolition—construction is not its forte. In any case, there’s skill in the way this Pokémon wields its metal beam."
486,regigigas,"It is said to have made Pokémon that look like itself from a special ice mountain, rocks, and magma."
370,luvdisc,this Pokémon live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped Pokémon earned its name by swimming after loving couples it spotted in the ocean’s waves.
801,magearna,"Built roughly 500 years ago by a scientist, the part called the Soul-Heart is the actual life-form."
10,caterpie,"this Pokémon has a voracious appetite. It can devour leaves bigger than its body right before your eyes. From its antenna, this Pokémon releases a terrifically strong odor."
218,slugma,"A common sight in volcanic areas, it slowly slithersaround in a con­ stant search for warm places."
536,palpitoad,"When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they can make waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land."
44,gloom,"The honey it drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away."
238,smoochum,The sensitivity of its lips develops most quickly.It uses them to try to identify unknown objects.
481,mesprit,"When this Pokémon flew, people learned the joy and sadness of living. It was the birth of emotions."
103,exeggutor,Its cries are very noisy. This is because each of the three heads thinks about whatever it likes.
257,blaziken,It can clear a 30-story building in a leap. Its fiery punches scorch its foes.
64,kadabra,this Pokémon’s presence infests televisions and monitors with creepy shadows that bring bad luck.
619,mienfoo,"In one minute, a well-trained this Pokémon can chop with its arms more than 100 times."
558,crustle,"It possesses legs of enormous strength, enabling it to carry heavy slabs for many days, even when crossing arid land."
642,thundurus,Countless charred remains mar the landscape of places through which this Pokémon has passed.
212,scizor,It swings its eye- patterned pincers up to scare itsfoes. This makes it look like it has three heads.
791,solgaleo,It is said to live in another world. The intense light it radiates from the surface of its body can make the darkest of nights light up like midday.
107,hitmonchan,The arm-twisting punches it throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting.
382,kyogre,It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
583,vanillish,"It blasts enemies with cold air reaching −148 degrees Fahrenheit, freezing them solid. But it spares their lives afterward—it’s a kind Pokémon."
26,raichu,"When its electric­ ity builds, its muscles are stimu­lated, and it be­ comes more aggres­ sive than usual."
404,luxio,"By gathering their tails together, they collectively generate powerful electricity from their claws. "
741,oricorio,This this Pokémon has sipped red nectar. Its passionate dance moves cause its enemies to combust in both body and mind.
39,jigglypuff,"If it inflates to sing a lullaby, it can perform longer and cause sure drowsiness in its audience."
427,buneary,It slams foes by sharply uncoiling its rolled ears. It stings enough to make a grown-up cry in pain.
488,cresselia,Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
129,magikarp,"A this Pokémon living for many years can leap a mountain using Splash. The move remains useless, though."
262,mightyena,this Pokémon travel and act as a pack in the wild. The memory of its life in the wild compels the Pokémon to obey only those Trainers that it recognizes to possess superior skill.
78,rapidash,"Just loves to run. If it sees something faster than itself, it will give chase at top speed."
178,xatu,They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time.
207,gligar,"It glides as if sliding. It startles foes by clamping on to their faces, then jabs with its poison stinger."
117,seadra,"this Pokémon generates whirlpools by spinning its body. The whirlpools are strong enough to swallow even fishing boats. This Pokémon weakens prey with these currents, then swallows it whole."
249,lugia,It is said to be the guardian of the seas. It isrumored to have been seen on the night of a storm.
465,tangrowth,It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines. Losing arms to predators does not trouble it.
116,horsea,"Its big, developed fins move rapidly, allowing it to swim backward while still facing forward."
155,cyndaquil,"this Pokémon protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back. The flames are vigorous if the Pokémon is angry. However, if it is tired, the flames splutter fitfully with incomplete combustion."
237,hitmontop,"It launches kicks while spinning. If it spins at highspeed, it may bore its way into the ground."
702,dedenne,"It uses its tail to absorb electricity from power plants or from outlets in houses, and then it fires the electricity from its whiskers."
246,larvitar,"A Pokémon that eats soil. Once it has eaten a large mountain, it goes to sleep so it can grow."
392,infernape,It tosses its enemies around with agility. It uses all its limbs to fight in its own unique style.
145,zapdos,A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. It freely controls lightning bolts.
249,lugia,"It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm."
408,cranidos,"In rock layers where this Pokémon fossils are found, the fossilized trunks of trees snapped in two are also often found."
373,salamence,"After many long years, its cellular structure underwent a sudden mutation to grow wings. When angered, it loses all thought and rampages out of control."
63,abra,"It sleeps 18 hours a day. Even while sleeping, it will teleport itself to treetops and pick and eat berries there."
326,grumpig,"this Pokémon uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe.When this POKéMON uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored."
438,bonsly,"In order to adjust the level of fluids in its body, it exudes water from its eyes. This makes it appear to be crying."
149,dragonite,It is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore.
122,mr-mime,It shapes an invisible wall in midair by minutely vibrating its fingertips to stop molecules in the air.
238,smoochum,Its lips are the most sensitive parts on its body. It always uses its lips first to examine things.
742,cutiefly,An opponent’s aura can tell this Pokémon what that opponent’s next move will be. Then this Pokémon can glide around the attack and strike back.
26,raichu,"It can loose 100,000-volt bursts of electricity, instantly downing foes several times its size."
201,unown,"This Pokémon is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various this Pokémon. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known."
189,jumpluff,"Once it catches the wind, it deftly controls its cotton-puff spores to float, even around the world."
83,farfetchd,It always walks about with a plant stalk clamped in its beak. The stalk is used for building its nest.
170,chinchou,"Its antennae, which evolved from a fin, have both positive and negative charges flowing through them."
636,larvesta,this Pokémon’s body is warm all over. It spouts fire from the tips of its horns to intimidate predators and scare prey.
237,hitmontop,"this Pokémon spins on its head at high speed, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense at the same time. The Pokémon travels faster spinning than it does walking."
696,tyrunt,Its large jaw has incredible destructive power. Some theories suggest that its restored form is different from its form of long ago.
735,gumshoos,"Although it wasn’t originally found in Alola, this Pokémon was brought over a long time ago when there was a huge Rattata outbreak."
759,stufful,"The way it protects itself by flailing its arms may be an adorable sight, but stay well away. This is flailing that can snap thick tree trunks."
116,horsea,"It makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees."
100,voltorb,this Pokémon is extremely sensitive - it explodes at the slightest of shocks. It is rumored that it was first createdwhen a POKé BALL was exposed to a powerful pulse of energy.
121,starmie,"Regardless of the environment it lives in, its body grows to form a symmetrical geometric shape."
687,malamar,"It lures its prey close with hypnotic motions, then wraps its tentacles around it before finishing it off with digestive fluids."
186,politoed,"The curled hair on this Pokémon’s head is proof of its status as a king. It is said that the longer and more curled the hair, the more respect this Pokémon earns from its peers."
555,darmanitan,"When one is injured in a fierce battle, it hardens into a stone-like form. Then it meditates and sharpens its mind."
548,petilil,The leaves on its head grow right back even if they fall out. These bitter leaves refresh those who eat them.
295,exploud,this Pokémon communicates its feelings to the others by emitting whistle-like sounds from the tubes on its body.This POKéMON only raises its voice when it is in battle.
878,cufant,"It digs up the ground with its trunk. It’s also very strong, being able to carry loads of over five tons without any problem at all."
104,cubone,"At night, it weeps loudly for its dead mother, but those cries only attract its natural enemy—Mandibuzz."
167,spinarak,It sets a trap by spinning a web with thin but strong silk. It waits motionlessly for prey to arrive.
547,whimsicott,"It scatters cotton all over the place as a prank. If it gets wet, it’ll become too heavy to move and have no choice but to answer for its mischief."
103,exeggutor,"It is called “The Walking Jungle.” If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an EXEGGCUTE."
629,vullaby,Its healthy appetite leads to visible growth spurts. It often has to replace the bones it wears as its size increases.
562,yamask,"It wanders through ruins by night, carrying a mask that’s said to have been the face it had when it was still human."
756,shiinotic,Forests where this Pokémon live are treacherous to enter at night. People confused by its strange lights can never find their way home again.
521,unfezant,Males swing their head plumage to threaten opponents. The females’ flying abilities surpass those of the males.
112,rhydon,"Standing on its hind legs freed its forelegs and made it smarter. It is very forgetful, however."
268,cascoon,It is hot inside its cocoon. All the cells in its body create the energy for it to evolve.
813,scorbunny,"It has special pads on the backs of its feet, and one on its nose. Once it’s raring to fight, these pads radiate tremendous heat."
690,skrelp,"It’s not good at swimming, so it clings to the seaweed. In the Alola region, it’s often found near Dhelmise."
215,sneasel,"Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it sud­denly extends the claws and startles its enemy."
374,beldum,"The magnetic force generated by its body repels the ground’s natural magnetism, letting it float. "
483,dialga,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that time flows when this Pokémon’s heart beats.
61,poliwhirl,The spiral pattern on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it gradually causes drowsiness.
58,growlithe,A Pokémon with a loyal nature. It will remain motionless until it is given an order by its Trainer.
562,yamask,These Pokémon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves. Each retains memories of its former life.
241,miltank,"It is said that kids who drink this Pokémon’s milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults."
219,magcargo,"Its body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees F. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell."
18,pidgeot,It spreads its beautiful wings wide to frighten its enemies. It can fly at Mach 2 speed.
205,forretress,It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
6,charizard,It is said that this Pokémon’s fire burns hotter if it has experienced harsh battles.
540,sewaddle,"Since this Pokémon makes its own clothes out of leaves, it is a popular mascot for fashion designers."
588,karrablast,It spits a liquid from its mouth to melt through Shelmet’s shell. this Pokémon doesn’t eat the shell— it eats only the contents.
178,xatu,They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time.
141,kabutops,"With sharp claws, this ferocious, ancient Pokémon rips apart prey and sucks their body fluids."
533,gurdurr,"It shows off its muscles to Machoke and other this Pokémon. If it fails to measure up to the other Pokémon, it lies low for a little while."
319,sharpedo,Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.”
77,ponyta,this Pokémon is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This Pokémon becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to keep up with its parent.
283,surskit,"They usually live on ponds, but after an evening shower, they may appear on puddles in towns."
435,skuntank,It sprays a stinky fluid from its tail. The fluid smells worse the longer it is allowed to fester.
34,nidoking,One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
102,exeggcute,Its six eggs use telepathy to communicate among themselves. It is believed to carry plant genes and the genes of other species.
421,cherrim,"As a bud, it barely moves. It sits still, placidly waiting for sunlight to appear."
76,golem,"Even dynamite can’t harm its hard, boulder-like body. It sheds its hide just once a year."
313,volbeat,"It lives around clean ponds. At night, its rear lights up. It converses with others by flashing its light."
87,dewgong,this Pokémon loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this Pokémon sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago.
16,pidgey,"It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back."
621,druddigon,It infiltrates tunnels that Pokémon like Diglett and Dugtrio have dug and quietly waits for prey to pass through.
347,anorith,It is a kind of POKéMON progenitor. It uses its extending claws to catch prey hiding among rocks on the seafloor.
55,golduck,Even fast-swimming fish Pokémon can be disabled by this Pokémon. It brings them to a standstill and seizes them.
611,fraxure,"Since a broken tusk will not grow back, they diligently sharpen their tusks on river rocks after they’ve been fighting."
120,staryu,"It appears in large numbers by seashores. At night, its central core flashes with a red light."
263,zigzagoon,It walks in zigzag fashion. It is good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
280,ralts,"If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly."
574,gothita,Their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic power. They are always staring at something.
755,morelull,"It scatters its shining spores around itself. Even though they’re dangerous, nighttime tours of forests where this Pokémon live are popular."
17,pidgeotto,"It renders its prey immobile using well-developed claws, then carries the prey more than 60 miles to its nest."
168,ariados,"Rather than mak­ ing a nest in one specific spot, itwanders in search of food after darkness falls."
27,sandshrew,"To protect itself from attackers, it curls up into a ball. It lives in arid regions with minimal rainfall."
134,vaporeon,"It prefers beautiful shores. With cells similar to water molecules, it could melt in water."
91,cloyster,It fights by keeping its shell tightly shut for protection and by shooting spikes to repel foes.
38,ninetales,"Each of its nine tails is imbued with supernatural power, and it can live for a thousand years."
211,qwilfish,It shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer.
157,typhlosion,"If its rage peaks, it becomes so hot that anything that touches it will instantly go up in flames."
491,darkrai,"It chases people and Pokémon from its territory by causing them to experience deep, nightmarish slumbers."
125,electabuzz,It loves to feed on strong electricity. It occasionally appears around large power plants and so on.
203,girafarig,The head on its tail contains a small brain. It can instinctively fight even while facing backward.
47,parasect,The bug host is drained of energy by the mushroom on its back. The mushroom appears to do all the thinking.
307,meditite,this Pokémon heightens its inner energy through meditation. It survives on just one berry a day. Minimal eating is another aspect of this Pokémon’s training.
63,abra,"this Pokémon sleeps for eighteen hours a day. However, it can sense the presence of foes even while it is sleeping. In such a situation, this Pokémon immediately teleports to safety."
353,shuppet,It loves to feed on feelings like envy and malice. Its upright horn catches the emotions of people.
399,bidoof,A comparison revealed that this Pokémon’s front teeth grow at the same rate as RATTATA’s.
143,snorlax,It stops eating only to sleep. It doesn’t feel full unless it eats nearly 900 pounds a day.
276,taillow,"When it gets cold, they migrate, flying over 180 miles a day. It hunts for tasty prey."
98,krabby,"this Pokémon live on beaches, burrowed inside holes dug into the sand. On sandy beaches with little in the wayof food, these POKéMON can be seen squabbling with each other over territory."
306,aggron,"Long ago, there was a king who wore a helmet meant to resemble the head of an this Pokémon. He was trying to channel the Pokémon’s strength."
64,kadabra,this Pokémon emits a peculiar alpha wave if it develops a headache. Only those people with a particularly strongpsyche can hope to become a TRAINER of this POKéMON.
753,fomantis,"It loves the sunshine. When it basks in the sunlight regularly, it grows up with vivid coloration."
717,yveltal,"When its life comes to an end, it absorbs the life energy of every living thing and turns into a cocoon once more."
596,galvantula,"When attacked, they create an electric barrier by spitting out many electrically charged threads."
39,jigglypuff,"Looking into its cute, round eyes causes it to sing a relaxing melody, inducing its enemies to sleep."
356,dusclops,It seeks drifting will-o’-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.
309,electrike,"Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed."
128,tauros,"The this Pokémon of the Galar region are volatile in nature, and they won’t allow people to ride on their backs."
479,rotom,One boy’s invention led to the development of many different machines that take advantage of this Pokémon’s unique capabilities.
461,weavile,"With its claws, it leaves behind signs for its friends to find. The number of distinct signs is said to be over 500."
334,altaria,It looks like a fluffy cloud when it is in flight. It hums with its soprano voice.
462,magnezone,It evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism.
419,floatzel,Its flotation sac developed as a result of pursuing aquatic prey. It can double as a rubber raft.
444,gabite,"Jewels are buried in the caves these Pokémon nest in, but you’ll be torn apart by claws and fangs the moment you enter one of these caves."
586,sawsbuck,They migrate according to the seasons. People can tell the season by looking at this Pokémon’s horns.
269,dustox,It is a nocturnal POKéMON that flies from fields and mountains to the attraction of streetlights at night. It looses highly toxic powder from its wings.
50,diglett,"If a this Pokémon DIGS through a field, it leaves the soilperfectly tilled and ideal for planting crops."
208,steelix,"Its body has been compressed deep under the ground. As a result, it is even harder than a diamond."
242,blissey,"this Pokémon senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this POKéMON will rush over to the sad person,however far they may be, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face."
184,azumarill,this Pokémon can make balloons out of air. It makes these air balloons if it spots a drowning POKéMON.The air balloons enable the POKéMON in trouble to breathe.
266,silcoon,It conserves its energy by moving as little as possible. It awaits evolution while drinking only a little rainwater.
74,geodude,"Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking themfor boulders, people often step or trip on them."
121,starmie,"this Pokémon’s center section—the core—glows brightly in seven colors. Because of its luminous nature, this Pokémon has been given the nickname “the gem of the sea.”"
71,victreebel,"It pools in its mouth a fluid with a honey-like scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything."
136,flareon,"It has a flame chamber inside its body. It inhales, then breathes out fire that is over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit."
374,beldum,"If you anger it, it will do more than rampage. It will also burst out strong magnetism, causing nearby machines to break."
90,shellder,It swims backward by opening and closing its two shells. Its large tongue is always kept hanging out.
234,stantler,Those who stare at its antlers will gradually losecontrol of their senses and be unable to stand.
65,alakazam,"It has an incredibly high level of intelligence. Some say that this Pokémon remembers everything that ever happens to it, from birth till death."
585,deerling,Their coloring changes according to the seasons and can be slightly affected by the temperature and humidity as well.
630,mandibuzz,It skillfully arranges the bones of its prey to construct its nest. Most of the bones are Cubone.
375,metang,It is formed by two BELDUM joining together. Its steel body won’t be scratched if it collides with a jet.
296,makuhita,It toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest.
274,nuzleaf,They live in holes bored in large trees. The sound of this Pokémon’s grass flute fills listeners with dread.
271,lombre,It lives at the water’s edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water grass by day and becomes active at night.
236,tyrogue,"It is always bursting with energy. To make itself stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses."
790,cosmoem,The king who ruled Alola in times of antiquity called it the “cocoon of the stars” and built an altar to worship it.
27,sandshrew,"If it fell from a great height, this Pokémon could save itself by rolling into a ball and bouncing."
519,pidove,This very forgetful Pokémon will wait for a new order from its Trainer even though it already has one.
29,nidoran-f,"Small and very docile, it protects itself with its small, poisonous horn when attacked."
370,luvdisc,this Pokémon’s heart-shaped body is a symbol of love and romance. It is said that any couple meeting this Pokémon is promised a loving relationship that never ends.
270,lotad,It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can’t swim.
356,dusclops,It seeks drifting will-o’-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.
125,electabuzz,"When a storm arrives, gangs of this Pokémon compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning bolts. Some towns use this Pokémon in place of lightning rods."
300,skitty,"It can’t stop itself from chasing moving things, and it runs in a circle, chasing its own tail."
82,magneton,This Pokémon is constantly putting out a powerful magnetic force. Most computers go haywire when a this Pokémon approaches.
269,dustox,"this Pokémon is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this POKéMON are attracted by the bright lights of cities, wherethey wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food."
564,tirtouga,this Pokémon is considered to be the ancestor of many turtle Pokémon. It was restored to life from a fossil.
207,gligar,"this Pokémon glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This POKéMON hangs on to the face ofits foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb."
448,lucario,"By catching the aura emanating from others, it can read their thoughts and movements.    "
427,buneary,"You can tell how it feels by the way it rolls its ears. When it’s scared, both ears are rolled up."
245,suicune,"Said to be the reincarnation of north winds, itcan instantly purify filthy, murky water."
148,dragonair,"According to a witness, its body was surrounded by a strange aura that gave it a mystical look."
458,mantyke,It’s highly friendly and easily tamed. Tours that take people swimming with this Pokémon are a super-popular beach activity.
136,flareon,"Inhaled air is heated in the flame sac in its body to an intense fire over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit."
50,diglett,"It burrows through the ground at a shallow depth. It leaves raised earth in its wake, making it easy to spot."
243,raikou,It is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back.
350,milotic,It’s said that a glimpse of a this Pokémon and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you’re feeling.
284,masquerain,Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
155,cyndaquil,"It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously."
270,lotad,"this Pokémon live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this Pokémon travels on land in search of clean water."
122,mr-mime,"A skilled mime from birth, it gains the ability to create invisible objects as it matures."
152,chikorita,It uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe.
197,umbreon,"When exposed to the moon’s aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it’s filled with a mysterious power."
203,girafarig,"Its tail, which also contains a small brain, may bite on its own if it notices an alluring smell."
90,shellder,"The shell can withstand any attack. However, when it is open, the tender body is exposed."
5,charmeleon,"this Pokémon mercilessly destroys its foes using its sharp claws. If it encounters a strong foe, it turns aggressive. In this excited state, the flame at the tip of its tail flares with a bluish white color."
118,goldeen,"In the springtime, schools of this Pokémon can be seen swimming up falls and rivers. It metes out staggering damage with its single horn."
332,cacturne,"It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day’s desert heat."
688,binacle,"They stretch and then contract, yanking their rocks along with them in bold hops. They eat seaweed that washes up on the shoreline."
99,kingler,"Its large and hard pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, being so big, it is unwieldy to move."
388,grotle,The shell is hardened soil. Some Pokémon come to peck the berries growing on the trees on its back.
455,carnivine,It binds itself to trees in marshes. It attracts prey with its sweet- smelling drool and gulps them down.
28,sandslash,"this Pokémon can roll up its body as if it were a ball covered with large spikes. In battle, this Pokémon will try to make the foe flinch by jabbing it with its spines. It then leaps at the stunned foe to tear wildly with its sharp claws."
300,skitty,"It is said to be difficult to earn its trust. However, it is extremely popular for its cute looks and behavior."
309,electrike,It stores static electricity in its fur for discharging. It gives off sparks if a storm approaches.
206,dunsparce,"When spotted, this Pokémon escapes backward by furiously boring into the ground with its tail."
16,pidgey,A common sight in forests and woods. It flaps itswings at ground level to kick up blinding sand.
347,anorith,A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
435,skuntank,It attacks by spraying a horribly smelly fluid from the tip of its tail. Attacks from above confound it.
105,marowak,"From its birth, this savage Pokémon constantly holds bones. It is skilled in using them as weapons."
277,swellow,"If its two tail feathers are standing at attention, it is proof of good health. It soars elegantly in the sky."
542,leavanny,It keeps its eggs warm with heat from fermenting leaves. It also uses leaves to make warm wrappings for Sewaddle.
614,beartic,It freezes its breath to create fangs and claws of ice to fight with. Cold northern areas are its habitat.
191,sunkern,"It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. A year after a cold summer, their population explodes."
43,oddish,"this Pokémon searches for fertile, nutrient-rich soil, then plants itself. During the daytime, while it is planted, this Pokémon’s feet are thought to change shape and become similar to the roots of trees."
350,milotic,"this Pokémon live at the bottom of large lakes. When this Pokémon’s body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave of energy that brings soothing calm to troubled hearts."
214,heracross,"This powerful POKéMON thrusts its prized horn under its enemies’ bellies, then lifts and throws them."
166,ledian,"It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live this Pokémon in countless numbers. There is a good reason for this—the Pokémon uses the light of the stars as its energy."
165,ledyba,"It is so timid, it can’t move if it isn’t with a swarm of others. It conveys its feelings with scent."
137,porygon,A man-made Pokémon created using advanced scientific means. It can move freely in cyberspace.
645,landorus,"From the forces of lightning and wind, it creates energy to give nutrients to the soil and make the land abundant."
78,rapidash,"This Pokémon can be seen galloping through fields at speeds of up to 150 mph, its fiery mane fluttering in the wind."
478,froslass,"After a woman met her end on a snowy mountain, her regrets lingered on. From them, this Pokémon was born. Its favorite food is frozen souls."
175,togepi,"It transforms the kindness and joy of others into happiness, which it stores in its shell."
340,whiscash,"this Pokémon is extremely territorial. Just one of these POKéMON will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory.If a foe approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake."
350,milotic,this Pokémon is breathtakingly beautiful. Those that see it are said to forget their combative spirits.
324,torkoal,You find abandoned coal mines full of them. They dig tirelessly in search of coal.
116,horsea,They swim with dance-like motions and cause whirlpools to form. this Pokémon compete to see which of them can generate the biggest whirlpool.
227,skarmory,"Despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor, it flies at speeds over 180 mph."
406,budew,"Sensitive to changing temperature, the bud is said to bloom when it feels the sun’s warm touch."
387,turtwig,"The shell on its back is made of soil. On a very healthy this Pokémon, the shell should feel moist."
225,delibird,It carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by the food it had.
250,ho-oh,this Pokémon’s feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light.These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This POKéMON is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.
509,purrloin,"They steal from people for fun, but their victims can’t help but forgive them. Their deceptively cute act is perfect."
108,lickitung,Its tongue can be extended like a chameleon’s. It leaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies.
14,kakuna,"this Pokémon remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as itprepares for its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell becomes to the touch."
649,genesect,This Pokémon existed 300 million years ago. Team Plasma altered it and attached a cannon to its back.
186,politoed,"If POLIWAG and POLIWHIRL hear its echoing cry, they respond by gathering from far and wide."
94,gengar,The leer that floats in darkness belongs to a this Pokémon delighting in casting curses on people.
207,gligar,"It usually clings to cliffs. When it spots its prey, it spreads its wings and glides down to attack."
1,bulbasaur,A strange seed was planted on its back at birth.The plant sprouts and grows with this POKéMON.
575,gothorita,"According to many old tales, it creates friends for itself by controlling sleeping children on starry nights."
127,pinsir,"With its pincer horns, it digs burrows to sleep in at night. In the morning, damp soil clings to its body."
290,nincada,"It grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes."
427,buneary,"By extending its rolled-up ears and striking the ground, it can bound so high it surprises itself."
601,klinklang,The gear with the red core is rotated at high speed for a rapid energy charge.
471,glaceon,It lowers its body heat to freeze its fur. The hairs then become like needles it can fire.
638,cobalion,It has a body and heart of steel. It worked with its allies to punish people when they hurt Pokémon.
253,grovyle,"This Pokémon adeptly flies from branch to branch in trees. In a forest, no Pokémon can ever hope to catch a fleeing this Pokémon however fast they may be."
438,bonsly,It prefers arid environments. It leaks water from its eyes to adjust its body’s fluid levels.
112,rhydon,"Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable ofliving in molten lava of 3,600 degrees."
500,emboar,It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends.
336,seviper,Constant polishing makes the edge of the blade on its tail extremely sharp. It’s Zangoose’s archrival.
341,corphish,this Pokémon catches prey with its sharp claws. It has no likes or dislikes when it comes to food—it will eat anything. This Pokémon has no trouble living in filthy water.
341,corphish,this Pokémon were originally foreign POKéMON that were imported as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild.This POKéMON is very hardy and has greatly increased its population.
68,machamp,Its four muscled arms slam foes with powerful punches and chops at blinding speed.
125,electabuzz,"Normally found near power plants, they can wander away and cause major blackouts in cities."
456,finneon,"It absorbs sunlight with the pink areas of its skin, which then shine. This appears to be a form of camouflage."
613,cubchoo,Its nose is always running. It sniffs the snot back up because the mucus provides the raw material for its moves.
497,serperior,It only gives its all against strong opponents who are not fazed by the glare from this Pokémon’s noble eyes.
344,claydol,A this Pokémon sleeps while hovering in midair. Its arms are separate from its body. They are kept floating by the POKéMON’s manipulation of psychic power.
386,deoxys,DNA from a space virus mutated and became a Pokémon. It appears where auroras are seen.
688,binacle,"They stretch and then contract, yanking their rocks along with them in bold hops. They eat seaweed that washes up on the shoreline."
224,octillery,It traps enemies with its suction- cupped tentaclesthen smashes them with its rock-hard head.
778,mimikyu,"It wears a rag fashioned into a Pikachu costume in an effort to look less scary. Unfortunately, the costume only makes it creepier."
367,huntail,"It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey."
315,roselia,this Pokémon raised on clean drinking water are known to grow vividly colored flowers.
178,xatu,This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun’s movement all day.
756,shiinotic,"If you see a light deep in a forest at night, don’t go near. this Pokémon will make you fall fast asleep."
495,snivy,"They photosynthesize by bathing their tails in sunlight. When they are not feeling well, their tails droop."
281,kirlia,It has a psychic power that enables it to distort the space around it and see into the future.
103,exeggutor,"It is called “The Walking Jungle.” If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an EXEGGCUTE."
469,yanmega,It prefers to battle by biting apart foes’ heads instantly while flying by at high speed.
8,wartortle,"When tapped, this Pokémon will pull in its head, but its tail will still stick out a little bit."
178,xatu,This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun’s movement all day.
242,blissey,The eggs it lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone.
546,cottonee,"When attacked, it expels cotton from its body to create a diversion. The cotton it loses grows back in quickly."
213,shuckle,"It stores BERRIES inside its shell. To avoid attacks,it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still."
491,darkrai,It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of the new moon.
31,nidoqueen,Tough scales cover the sturdy body of this POKéMON.It appears that the scales grow in cycles.
269,dustox,"Toxic powder is scattered with each flap. At night, it is known to strip leaves off trees lining boulevards."
2,ivysaur,"If the bud on its back starts to smell sweet, it is evidence that the large flower will soon bloom."
1,bulbasaur,"For some time after its birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back."
136,flareon,"It has a flame chamber inside its body. It inhales, then breathes out fire that is over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit."
335,zangoose,Memories of battling its arch-rival SEVIPER are etched into every cell of this Pokémon’s body.This POKéMON adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility.
64,kadabra,"If one is nearby, an eerie shadow appears on TV screens. Seeing the shadow is said to bring bad luck."
220,swinub,It loves eating mushrooms that grow under dead grass. It also finds hot springs while foraging.
372,shelgon,It surrounds its body in an iron-hard shell to accumulate enough power to evolve.
181,ampharos,The bright light on its tail can be seen far away. Ithas been treasured since ancient times as a beacon.
540,sewaddle,"Since this Pokémon makes its own clothes out of leaves, it is a popular mascot for fashion designers."
174,igglybuff,this Pokémon’s vocal cords are not sufficiently developed. It would hurt its throat if it were to sing too much. This Pokémon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream.
198,murkrow,this Pokémon was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune. This POKéMON shows strong interest inanything that sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women.
528,swoobat,Anyone who comes into contact with the ultrasonic waves emitted by a courting male experiences a positive mood shift.
553,krookodile,"It can expand the focus of its eyes, enabling it to see objects in the far distance as if it were using binoculars."
298,azurill,A Pokémon that lives by water. It moves quickly on land by bouncing on its big tail.
109,koffing,"If one gets close enough to it when it expels poison­ous gas, the gas swirling inside it can be seen."
625,bisharp,This pitiless Pokémon commands a group of Pawniard to hound prey into immobility. It then moves in to finish the prey off.
698,amaura,This calm Pokémon lived in a cold land where there were no violent predators like Tyrantrum.
345,lileep,It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
204,pineco,"this Pokémon hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the Pokémon is disturbed while eating by someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and explodes with no warning."
133,eevee,"Because its genetic makeup is irregular, it quickly changes its form due to a variety of causes."
339,barboach,Its body is covered with a slimy film. The film acts as a barrier to prevent germs in muddy water from entering the this Pokémon’s body.
195,quagsire,"this Pokémon hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware.Because the POKéMON does not move, it does not get very hungry."
675,pangoro,"Although it possesses a violent temperament, it won’t put up with bullying. It uses the leaf in its mouth to sense the movements of its enemies."
204,pineco,It looks just like a this Pokémonne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
10,caterpie,"this Pokémon has a voracious appetite. It can devour leaves bigger than its body right before your eyes.From its antenna, this POKéMON releases a terrifically strong odor."
16,pidgey,"It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back."
338,solrock,"Solar energy is the source of its power, so it is strong during the daytime. When it spins, its body shines."
112,rhydon,"Standing on its hind legs freed its forelegs and made it smarter. It is very forgetful, however."
319,sharpedo,It can swim at speeds of 75 mph by jetting seawater through its body. It is the bandit of the sea.
19,rattata,"Will chew on anything with its fangs. If you see one, you can be certain that 40 more live in the area."
466,electivire,A single this Pokémon can provide enough electricity for all the buildings in a big city for a year.
424,ambipom,"They work in large colonies and make rings by linking their tails, apparently in friendship."
448,lucario,A well-trained one can sense auras to identify and take in the feelings of creatures over half a mile away.
358,chimecho,"Emitting ultrasonic cries, it floats on winds to travel great distances."
756,shiinotic,"It puts its prey to sleep and siphons off their vitality through the tip of its arms. If one of its kind is weakened, it helps by sending it vitality."
560,scrafty,Groups of them beat up anything that enters their territory. Each can spit acidic liquid from its mouth.
645,landorus,"From the forces of lightning and wind, it creates energy to give nutrients to the soil and make the land abundant."
16,pidgey,"Common in grassy areas and forests, it is very docileand will chase off enemies by flap­ ping up sand."
617,accelgor,"Having removed its heavy shell, it becomes very light and can fight with ninja-like movements."
196,espeon,Psychic power builds up in the orb on its forehead as it bathes in the sunshine. this Pokémon is not good at battling at night.
79,slowpoke,It catches prey by dipping its tail in water at the side of a river. But it often forgets what it is doing and spends entire days just loafing at water’s edge.
477,dusknoir,It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
229,houndoom,"The flames it breathes when angry contain toxins. If they cause a burn, it will hurt forever."
21,spearow,"It flaps its small wings busily to fly. Using its beak, it searches in grass for prey."
673,gogoat,It can tell how its Trainer is feeling by subtle shifts in the grip on its horns. This empathic sense lets them run as if one being.
184,azumarill,"It can spend all day in water, since it can inhale and store a large volume of air."
776,turtonator,"Its exploding shell poses a real danger but is sensitive to moisture. On rainy days, this Pokémon takes silent refuge in caves."
811,thwackey,"The faster a this Pokémon can beat out a rhythm with its two sticks, the more respect it wins from its peers."
279,pelipper,"It dips its large bill in the sea, then scoops up numerous prey along with water."
147,dratini,It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.
58,growlithe,"Extremely loyal to its Trainer, it will bark at those who approach the Trainer unexpectedly and run them out of town."
27,sandshrew,"To protect itself from attackers, it curls up into a ball. It lives in arid regions with minimal rainfall."
132,ditto,It has the ability to reconstitute its entire cellular structure to transform into whatever it sees.
28,sandslash,"If it digs at an incredible pace, it may snap off its spikes and claws. They grow back in a day."
697,tyrantrum,"Thanks to its gargantuan jaws, which could shred thick metal plates as if they were paper, it was invincible in the ancient world it once inhabited."
285,shroomish,It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
113,chansey,A kindly Pokémon that lays highly nutritious eggs and shares them with injured Pokémon or people.
322,numel,"this Pokémon stores magma of almost 2,200 degrees F within its body. If it gets wet, the magma cools and hardens.In that event, the POKéMON’s body grows heavy and its movements become sluggish."
352,kecleon,"It can freely change its body’s color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn’t change, however."
223,remoraid,"Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a MANTINE’s underside to scavenge for leftovers."
607,litwick,"While shining a light and pretending to be a guide, it leeches off the life force of any who follow it."
519,pidove,"Where people go, these Pokémon follow. If you’re scattering food for them, be careful— several hundred of them can gather at once."
86,seel,"The colder it gets, the better it feels. It joyfully swims around oceans so cold that they are filled with floating ice."
66,machop,It trains by lifting rocks in the mountains. Itcan even pick up a GRAVELER with ease.
860,morgrem,"When it gets down on all fours as if to beg for forgiveness, it’s trying to lure opponents in so that it can stab them with its spear-like hair."
152,chikorita,A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on itshead. It is docile and loves to soak up the sun's rays.
587,emolga,The energy made in its cheeks’ electric pouches is stored inside its membrane and released while it is gliding.
531,audino,"Using the feelers on its ears, it can tell how someone is feeling or when an egg might hatch."
219,magcargo,The shell on its back is just skin that has cooled and hardened. It breaks easily with a slight touch.
104,cubone,"It always wears the skull of its dead mother, so noone has any idea what its hidden face looks like."
639,terrakion,Its charge is strong enough to break through a giant castle wall in one blow. This Pokémon is spoken of in legends.
303,mawile,"It uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws."
647,keldeo,They say that this Pokémon must survive harsh battles and fully develop the horn on its forehead before this Pokémon’s true power will awaken.
864,cursola,Its shell is overflowing with its heightened otherworldly energy. The ectoplasm serves as protection for this Pokémon’s core spirit.
368,gorebyss,"It sucks bodily fluids out of its prey. The leftover meat sinks to the seafloor, where it becomes food for other Pokémon."
487,giratina,It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World.
21,spearow,"Due to its short wings, it can’t fly long distances. It wanders about restlessly and pecks at bug Pokémon."
142,aerodactyl,this Pokémon is a POKéMON from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from DNA extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies.
124,jynx,"Its cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say."
300,skitty,this Pokémon has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around.This POKéMON is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy.
37,vulpix,"At the time of birth, it has just one tail.The tail splits from its tip as it grows older."
627,rufflet,They pick fights indiscriminately. They grow stronger and more powerful each time they faint or are injured.
302,sableye,"It feeds on gemstone crystals. In darkness, its eyes sparkle with the glitter of jewels."
85,dodrio,"If one of the heads gets to eat, the others will be satisfied, too, and they will stop squabbling."
75,graveler,"It rolls on mountain paths to move. Once it builds momentum, no Pokémon can stop it without difficulty."
402,kricketune,It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib.
366,clamperl,It makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power.
696,tyrunt,"this Pokémon is spoiled and selfish. It may just be trying to frolic, but sometimes the ones it’s trying to frolic with are gravely injured."
522,blitzle,Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use the frequency and rhythm of these flashes to communicate.
232,donphan,"The longer and bigger its tusks, the higher itsrank in its herd. The tusks take long to grow."
337,lunatone,"Because it turns active on nights of the full moon, it is said to have some link to the lunar phases."
721,volcanion,It lets out billows of steam and disappears into the dense fog. It’s said to live in mountains where humans do not tread.
319,sharpedo,"As soon as it catches the scent of prey, this Pokémon will jet seawater from its backside, hurtling toward the target to attack at 75 mph."
34,nidoking,One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
117,seadra,It is capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its winglike pectoral fins and stout tail.
703,carbink,"To keep the jewels on their bodies free of tarnish, packs of this Pokémon use their soft manes to polish one another’s jewels."
199,slowking,"It’s constantly coming up with new ideas that would change the world, but as soon as it hits upon a new idea, it forgets it."
123,scyther,"When it moves, it leaves only a blur. If it hides in grass, its protective coloration makes it invisible."
31,nidoqueen,Its entire body is armored with hard scales. It will protect the young in its burrow with its life.
345,lileep,"this Pokémon is an ancient Pokémon that was regenerated from a fossil. It remains permanently anchored to a rock. From its immobile perch, this Pokémon intently scans for prey with its two eyes."
321,wailord,"The biggest of all Pokémon. It can dive to a depth of almost 10,000 feet on only one breath."
434,stunky,"It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away."
278,wingull,It soars on updrafts without flapping its wings. It makes a nest on sheer cliffs at the sea’s edge.
156,quilava,This Pokémon is fully covered by nonflammable fur. It can withstand any kind of fire attack.
280,ralts,"this Pokémon senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This POKéMON rarely appears beforepeople. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition."
453,croagunk,Its cheeks hold poison sacs. It tries to catch foes off guard to jab them with toxic fingers.
345,lileep,"In ancient times, it lived in warm seas. It disguised itself as seaweed to ambush its prey and devoured them whole when they got close."
332,cacturne,"It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day’s desert heat."
62,poliwrath,"The muscles it has developed through swimming are thick and powerful. When it lands a square punch, it can turn huge boulders to dust."
393,piplup,"Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold."
763,tsareena,"This feared Pokémon has long, slender legs and a cruel heart. It shows no mercy as it stomps on its opponents."
252,treecko,It quickly scales even vertical walls. It senses humidity with its tail to predict the next day’s weather.
604,eelektross,"It latches on to prey with its sucker mouth, sinking in its fangs and shocking the prey with powerful electricity."
151,mew,"this Pokémon is said to possess the genetic composition of all POKéMON. It is capable of making itself invisibleat will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people."
83,farfetchd,"Lives where reedy plants grow. They are rarely seen,so it's thought their numbers are decreasing."
468,togekiss,"As everyone knows, it visits peaceful regions, bringing them gifts of kindness and sweet blessings."
376,metagross,It firmly pins its prey using its four claws and large body. Then the teeth in the mouth on its stomach chew the prey to bits.
541,swadloon,Forests where this Pokémon live have superb foliage because the nutrients they make from fallen leaves nourish the plant life.
199,slowking,Being bitten by SHELLDER gave it intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists.
323,camerupt,It lives in the crater of a volcano. It is well known that the humps on its back erupt every 10 years.
577,solosis,"Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they can survive in any environment."
250,ho-oh,A legend says that its body glows in seven colors. Arainbow is said to form behind it when it flies.
222,corsola,"Clusters of this Pokémon congregate in warm seas where they serve as ideal hiding places for smaller POKéMON.When the water temperature falls, this POKéMON migrates to the southern seas."
40,wigglytuff,It sheds its fine fur when the seasons change. The fur is gathered and spun into a luxurious yarn.
325,spoink,It apparently dies if it stops bouncing about. It carries a pearl from CLAMPERL on its head.
364,sealeo,"This Pokémon has a habit of spinning round things on its nose, whether those things are Poké Balls or Spheal."
594,alomomola,It gently holds injured and weak Pokémon in its fins. Its special membrane heals their wounds.
492,shaymin,The flowers all over its body burst into bloom if it is lovingly hugged and senses gratitude.
220,swinub,this Pokémon roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows underthe cover of dead grass. This POKéMON occasionally roots out hot springs.
73,tentacruel,It alerts others to danger by stridently flashing the red orbs on its head.
50,diglett,"If a this Pokémon digs through a field, it leaves the soil perfectly tilled and ideal for planting crops."
42,golbat,"this Pokémon loves to drink the blood of living things. It is particularly active in the pitch black of night.This POKéMON flits around in the night skies, seeking fresh blood."
145,zapdos,A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. It freely controls lightning bolts.
479,rotom,"With a body made of plasma, it can inhabit all sorts of machines. It loves to surprise others."
93,haunter,"By licking, it saps the victim's life. It causesshaking that won't stop until the victim's demise."
165,ledyba,They are timid and grow uneasy when not in a swarm with others of their kind. The pattern on their backs differs slightly from one to another.
252,treecko,"The soles of its feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings."
609,chandelure,"Being consumed in this Pokémon’s flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind."
445,garchomp,"It is said that when one runs at high speed, its wings create blades of wind that can fell nearby trees."
747,mareanie,It’s found crawling on beaches and seafloors. The coral that grows on Corsola’s head is as good as a five-star banquet to this Pokémon.
289,slaking,The world’s laziest Pokémon. It moves to another spot when there’s no food left within its reach.
142,aerodactyl,this Pokémon is a POKéMON from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber.It is imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times.
147,dratini,This Pokémon is full of life energy. It continually sheds its skin and grows steadily larger.
40,wigglytuff,Its fine fur feels sublime to the touch. It can expand its body by inhaling air.
256,combusken,Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
159,croconaw,"Once it bites down, it won’t let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place."
401,kricketot,"When its antennae hit each other, it sounds like the music of a xylophone."
363,spheal,It crosses the oceans by rolling itself on drifting ice. Fluffy fur keeps it warm when the temperature is below freezing.
565,carracosta,"this Pokémon completely devours its prey—bones, shells, and all. Because of this, this Pokémon’s own shell grows thick and sturdy."
591,amoonguss,"It lures prey close by dancing and waving its arm caps, which resemble Poké Balls, in a swaying motion."
64,kadabra,"It possesses strong spiritual power. The more danger it faces, the stronger its psychic power."
22,fearow,"A Pokémon that dates back many years. If it senses danger, it flies high and away, instantly."
716,xerneas,"When the horns on its head shine in seven colors, it is said to be sharing everlasting life."
46,paras,this Pokémon has this Pokémonitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this Bug Pokémon host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.
819,skwovet,"It eats berries nonstop—a habit that has made it more resilient than it looks. It’ll show up on farms, searching for yet more berries."
134,vaporeon,this Pokémon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater. This Pokémon has the ability to freely control water.
408,cranidos,"A primeval Pokémon, it possesses a hard and sturdy skull, lacking any intelligence within."
140,kabuto,"On rare occasions, some have been found as fossils which they became while hiding on the ocean floor."
104,cubone,"When it thinks of its dead mother, it cries. Its crying makes the skull it wears rattle hollowly."
309,electrike,"Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed."
125,electabuzz,It windmills its arms to slightly boost its punches. Foes have been known to escape in the meantime.
52,meowth,"All it does is sleep during the daytime. At night, it patrols its territory with its eyes aglow."
557,dwebble,"When it finds a stone of a suitable size, it secretes a liquid from its mouth to open up a hole to crawl into."
112,rhydon,It begins walking on its hind legs after evolution. It can punch holes through boulders with its horn.
202,wobbuffet,"It hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to pump up its counterstrike."
114,tangela,The blue vines shrouding its body are covered in a growth of fine hair. It is known to be ticklish.
133,eevee,Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate ifit is exposed to radiation from element STONEs.
650,chespin,"The quills on its head are usually soft. When it flexes them, the points become so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock."
466,electivire,"In terms of electrical-energy output, this Pokémon is one of the best among all Electric Pokémon. It discharges high-voltage currents from its tails."
138,omanyte,A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas.
302,sableye,It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
225,delibird,It carries food rolled up in its tail. It has the habit of sharing food with people lost in mountains.
267,beautifly,"Despite its looks, it is aggressive. It jabs with its long, thin mouth if disturbed while collecting pollen."
522,blitzle,Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use the frequency and rhythm of these flashes to communicate.
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer.
411,bastiodon,This Pokémon is from roughly 100 million years ago. Its terrifyingly tough face is harder than steel.
251,celebi,"This POKéMON came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as this Pokémon appears, a bright and shining future awaits us."
349,feebas,It is the shabbiest Pokémon of all. It forms in schools and lives at the bottom of rivers.
142,aerodactyl,A Pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era. Its teeth are like saw blades.
311,plusle,It absorbs electricity from telephone poles. It shorts out its body to create crackling noises.
556,maractus,"Once each year, this Pokémon scatters its seeds. They’re jam-packed with nutrients, making them a precious food source out in the desert."
456,finneon,The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night.
261,poochyena,"At first sight, this Pokémon takes a bite at anything that moves. This Pokémon chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back."
210,granbull,"this Pokémon has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pokémon to tip its head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately."
218,slugma,"Its body is made of magma. If it doesn’t keep moving, its body will cool and harden."
488,cresselia,Those who sleep holding this Pokémon’s feather are assured of joyful dreams. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
103,exeggutor,"this Pokémon originally came from the tropics. Its heads steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight.It is said that when the heads fall off, they group together to form EXEGGCUTE."
318,carvanha,"With its sturdy jaws and fangs, it can easily chomp wooden boats to splinters. It fights with Basculin over food."
162,furret,The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed.
596,galvantula,"When attacked, they create an electric barrier by spitting out many electrically charged threads."
249,lugia,It is said that it quietly spends its time deep at the bottom of the sea because its powers are too strong.
51,dugtrio,"Its three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles."
176,togetic,"To share its happiness, it flies around the world seeking kind- hearted people."
232,donphan,"If this Pokémon were to tackle with its hard body, even a house could be destroyed. Using its massive strength, thePOKéMON helps clear rock and mud slides that block mountain trails."
369,relicanth,A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.
248,tyranitar,"This Pokémon is a mobile disaster, leaving mountains crumbled and houses destroyed in its wake."
110,weezing,"If one of the twin KOFFING inflates, the other one deflates. It constantly mixes its poisonous gases."
316,gulpin,Almost all its body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows.
137,porygon,"It is a manmade POKéMON. Since it doesn't breathe,people are eager to try it in any environment."
274,nuzleaf,The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
821,rookidee,"Jumping nimbly about, this small-bodied Pokémon takes advantage of even the slightest opportunity to disorient larger opponents."
140,kabuto,"this Pokémon is a Pokémon that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in extremely rare cases, living examples have been discovered. The Pokémon has not changed at all for 300 million years."
75,graveler,"this Pokémon grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss.This POKéMON eats its way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis."
116,horsea,"If this Pokémon senses danger, it will reflexively spray a dense black ink from its mouth and try to escape. This Pokémon swims by cleverly flapping the fin on its back."
21,spearow,It flaps its short wings to flush out insects from tall grass. It then plucks them with its stubby beak.
268,cascoon,"this Pokémon makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This Pokémon prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon."
52,meowth,"It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly."
238,smoochum,"this Pokémon actively runs about, but also falls quite often. Whenever the chance arrives, it willlook for its reflection to make sure its face hasn’t become dirty."
619,mienfoo,"In fights, they dominate with onslaughts of flowing, continuous attacks. With their sharp claws, they cut enemies."
303,mawile,"MAWHILE’s huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lullits foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, MAWHILE chomps it with its gaping jaws."
136,flareon,"The flame chamber inside its body ignites when this Pokémon gets agitated, reaching temperatures of up to 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit."
348,armaldo,"this Pokémon is a Pokémon species that became extinct in prehistoric times. This Pokémon is said to have walked on its hind legs, which would have been more convenient for life on land."
15,beedrill,"Its best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off."
269,dustox,It scatters horribly toxic dust when it senses danger. They tend to gather in the glow of streetlamps at night.
244,entei,A Pokémon that races across the land. It is said that one is born every time a new volcano appears.
359,absol,"Rumored to sense disasters with its horn, it became a target. It fled deep into the mountains."
170,chinchou,It discharges positive and negative electricity from its antenna tips to shock its foes.
16,pidgey,A common sight in forests and woods. It flaps itswings at ground level to kick up blinding sand.
22,fearow,"In Alola, fish Pokémon are its prey. It can be seen circling above the ocean searching for food."
71,victreebel,"Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles, although no one has ever returned from there."
173,cleffa,"On nights with many shooting stars, they gather in packs and dance in circles. If you should see them, something good will happen!"
521,unfezant,"this Pokémon are exceptional fliers. The females are known for their stamina, while the males outclass them in terms of speed."
80,slowbro,"Lives lazily by the sea. If the Shellder on its tail comes off, it becomes a Slowpoke again."
280,ralts,"this Pokémon senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This Pokémon rarely appears before people. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition."
79,slowpoke,"It is always vacantly lost in thought, but no one knows what it is thinking about. It is good at fishing with its tail."
162,furret,"this Pokémon has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly squirm through narrow spaces and get away.In spite of its short limbs, this POKéMON is very nimble and fleet."
10,caterpie,It releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly.
215,sneasel,"Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it suddenly extends the claws and startles its enemy."
455,carnivine,It binds itself to trees in marshes. It attracts prey with its sweet- smelling drool and gulps them down.
470,leafeon,"Just like a plant, it uses photosynthesis. As a result, it is always enveloped in clear air."
612,haxorus,Its resilient tusks are its pride and joy. It licks up dirt to take in the minerals it needs to keep its tusks in top condition.
213,shuckle,The BERRIES it stores in its vase-like shelldecompose and become a gooey liquid.
861,grimmsnarl,"Its hairs work like muscle fibers. When its hairs unfurl, they latch on to opponents, ensnaring them as tentacles would."
542,leavanny,"Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves, using the cutters on its arms and sticky silk."
333,swablu,"A POKéMON that has wings like cottony clouds. After enduring winter, in which little food is available, this Pokémon flocks move closer to towns in the spring."
126,magmar,"The scorching fire exhaled by this Pokémon forms heat waves around its body, making it hard to see the Pokémon clearly."
171,lanturn,"When the bacteria living inside its antennae absorb this Pokémon’s bodily fluids, a strong luminescent effect is produced."
397,staravia,"Recognizing their own weakness, they always live in a group. When alone, a this Pokémon cries noisily."
71,victreebel,"This horrifying plant POKéMON at­ tracts prey witharomatic honey, then melts them in its mouth."
747,mareanie,"Unlike their Alolan counterparts, the this Pokémon of the Galar region have not yet figured out that the branches of Corsola are delicious."
73,tentacruel,"The tentacles are normally kept short. On hunts,they are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey."
707,klefki,This even-tempered Pokémon has a habit of collecting keys. It will sneak into people’s homes to steal their keys.
452,drapion,"It takes pride in its strength. Even though it can tear foes apart, it finishes them off with powerful poison."
148,dragonair,this Pokémon stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter weather conditionsin its vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on its neck and tail.
38,ninetales,"Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1,000-year curse."
57,primeape,"It is always outrageously furious. If it gives chase, it will tenaciously track the target no matter how far."
235,smeargle,The unique creations produced by each this Pokémon are painted using the fluid that oozes from its tail. This is how it marks its territory.
643,reshiram,"According to myth, if people ignore truth and let themselves become consumed by greed, this Pokémon will arrive to burn their kingdoms down."
144,articuno,"One of the legendary bird POKéMON. With its long tail trailing behind, its flying form is magnificent."
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially adapted. They concentrate even faint light and enable it to see in the dark.
323,camerupt,It lives in the crater of a volcano. It is well known that the humps on its back erupt every 10 years.
328,trapinch,It can live for a week without eating a thing. It waits patiently at the bottom of its nest for prey to appear.
52,meowth,"It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly."
386,deoxys,A POKéMON that mutated from an extraterrestrial virus exposed to a laser beam. Its body is configured for superior agility and speed.
67,machoke,"It always goes at its full power, but this verytough and durable POKéMON never gets tired."
494,victini,"When it shares the infinite energy it creates, that being’s entire body will be overflowing with power."
88,grimer,Its main source of food is the slimy industrial waste of factories. This Pokémon’s numbers have been decreasing in recent years.
711,gourgeist,"Singing in eerie voices, they wander town streets on the night of the new moon. Anyone who hears their song is cursed."
146,moltres,This legendary bird Pokémon is said to bring early spring to the wintry lands it visits.
403,shinx,The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. It glows when in trouble.
12,butterfree,"In battle, it flaps its wings at high speed torelease highly toxic dust into the air."
155,cyndaquil,"It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously."
25,pikachu,This intelligent Pokémon roasts hard berries with electricity to make them tender enough to eat.
625,bisharp,Violent conflicts erupt between this Pokémon and Fraxure over places where sharpening stones can be found.
558,crustle,"Competing for territory, this Pokémon fight viciously. The one whose boulder is broken is the loser of the battle."
246,larvitar,"It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it will fall asleep so it can grow."
117,seadra,Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional medicine ingredients.
253,grovyle,The leaves growing out of this Pokémon’s body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest.This POKéMON is a master at climbing trees in jungles.
425,drifloon,These Pokémon are called the “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.” Children holding them sometimes vanish.
100,voltorb,It looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on contact.
322,numel,"Its humped back stores intensely hot magma. In rain, the magma cools, slowing its movement."
758,salazzle,It punishes Salandit that couldn’t bring it food with a fierce slap of its flame-spewing palm.
118,goldeen,"Though it appears very elegant when swimming with fins unfurled, it can jab powerfully with its horn."
186,politoed,"Although its cries sound like screams, a composer created a beautiful ballad that was influenced by the sounds."
104,cubone,"When the memory of its departed mother brings it to tears, its cries echo mournfully within the skull it wears on its head."
97,hypno,It carries a pendulum-like device. There once was an incident in which it took away a child it this Pokémontized.
334,altaria,"this Pokémon dances and wheels through the sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clearvoice, this POKéMON makes its listeners experience dreamy wonderment."
110,weezing,It mixes gases between its two bodies. It’s said that these Pokémon were seen all over the Galar region back in the day.
423,gastrodon,"It has strong regenerative capabilities. Even if parts of it are bitten off by fish Pokémon, it will return to normal within a few hours."
183,marill,"Even after this Pokémon swims in a cold sea, its water- repellent fur dries almost as soon as this Pokémon leaves the water. That’s why this Pokémon is never cold."
441,chatot,It mimics the cries of other Pokémon to trick them into thinking it’s one of them. This way they won’t attack it.
632,durant,"With their large mandibles, these Pokémon can crunch their way through rock. They work together to protect their eggs from Sandaconda."
110,weezing,"Where two kinds of poison gases meet, 2 KOFFINGscan fuse into a this Pokémon over many years."
345,lileep,It became extinct roughly 100 million years ago. It was regenerated from a fossil using advanced techniques.
769,sandygast,"this Pokémon mainly inhabits beaches. It takes control of anyone who puts their hand into its mouth, forcing them to make its body bigger."
105,marowak,"It collects bones from an unknown place. A this Pokémongraveyard exists somewhere in the world, rumors say."
367,huntail,"It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey."
489,phione,"It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted."
537,seismitoad,It increases the power of its punches by vibrating the bumps on its fists. It can turn a boulder to rubble with one punch.
484,palkia,Its total control over the boundaries of space enable it to transport itself to faraway places or even other dimensions.
51,dugtrio,"Its three heads bob separately up and down to loosenthe soil nearby, making it easier for it to burrow."
415,combee,The members of the trio spend all their time together. Each one has a slightly different taste in nectar.
723,dartrix,"Supremely sensitive to the presence of others, it can detect opponents standing behind it, flinging its sharp feathers to take them out."
14,kakuna,"Able to move only slightly. When endangered, itmay stick out its stinger and poison its enemy."
322,numel,A this Pokémon stores boiling magma in the hump on its back. It is a hardy POKéMON that can transport a 220-pound load. It has served humans at work since long ago.
454,toxicroak,"Swaying and dodging the attacks of its foes, it weaves its flexible body in close, then lunges out with its poisonous claws."
75,graveler,"It tumbles down slopes, heedless of any body parts chipping off. It eats a ton of rocks daily."
613,cubchoo,"When it is not feeling well, its mucus gets watery and the power of its Ice-type moves decreases."
862,obstagoon,"It evolved after experiencing numerous fights. While crossing its arms, it lets out a shout that would make any opponent flinch."
410,shieldon,It was generated from a fossil dug out of a layer of clay that was older than anyone knows. It has a sturdy face.
461,weavile,It sends signals to others by carving odd patterns in frost- covered trees and ice.
310,manectric,It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
124,jynx,"Appears to move to a rhythm of its own, as if it were dancing. It wiggles its hips as it walks."
638,cobalion,It has a body and heart of steel. It worked with its allies to punish people when they hurt Pokémon.
807,zeraora,"It electrifies its claws and tears its opponents apart with them. Even if they dodge its attack, they’ll be electrocuted by the flying sparks."
202,wobbuffet,"Usually docile, a this Pokémon strikes back ferociously if its black tail is attacked. It makes its lair in caves where it waits for nightfall."
128,tauros,"A rowdy Pokémon with a lot of stamina. Once running, it won’t stop until it hits something."
319,sharpedo,The vicious and sly gangster of the sea. Its skin is specially textured to minimize drag in water. Its speed tops out at over 75 miles per hour.
109,koffing,"Lighter-than-air gases in its body keep it aloft. The gases not only smell, they are also explosive."
81,magnemite,The units at its sides are extremely powerful magnets. They generate enough magnetism to draw in iron objects from over 300 feet away.
538,throh,"When they encounter foes bigger than themselves, they try to throw them. They always travel in packs of five."
84,doduo,"Even while eating or sleeping, one of the heads remains always vigilant for any sign of danger. When threatened, it flees at over 60 miles per hour."
782,jangmo-o,It will never show an enemy its back in battle. Ancient warriors liked this Pokémon for its valiant disposition and made it one of their own.
358,chimecho,"this Pokémon makes its cries echo inside its hollow body. When this Pokémon becomes enraged, its cries result in ultrasonic waves that have the power to knock foes flying."
315,roselia,this Pokémon that drink nutritionally rich springwater are said to reveal rare coloration when they bloom.
330,flygon,"Known as “The Desert Spirit,” this Pokémon hides in the sandstorms it causes by beating its wings."
69,bellsprout,It prefers hot and humid environments. It is quick at capturing prey with its vines.
155,cyndaquil,"It usually stays hunched over. If it is angry orsurprised, it shoots flames out of its back."
43,oddish,"During the daytime, this Pokémon buries itself in soil to absorb nutrients from the ground using its entire body. The more fertile the soil, the glossier its leaves become."
34,nidoking,"Its tail is thick and powerful. If it binds an enemy,it can snap the victim's spine quite easily."
168,ariados,There are some areas where people use the string this Pokémon spins for their own weaving. The resulting cloth is popular for its strength.
476,probopass,It exudes strong magnetism from all over. It controls three small units called Mini-Noses.
133,eevee,"Thanks to its unstable genetic makeup, this special Pokémon conceals many different possible evolutions."
173,cleffa,Its silhouette is like a star. It is believed to arrive riding on shooting stars.
107,hitmonchan,"While apparently doing nothing, it fires punches in lightning-fast volleys that are impossible to see."
99,kingler,"The larger pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, it is so heavy, it is difficult to aim."
378,regice,This Pokémon’s body is made of solid ice. It’s said that this Pokémon was born beneath thick ice in the ice age.
476,probopass,It freely controls three small units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force.
59,arcanine,"this Pokémon is known for its high speed. It is said to be capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night.The fire that blazes wildly within this POKéMON’s body is its source of power."
452,drapion,It has the power in its clawed arms to make scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison.
196,espeon,It uses the fine hair that covers its body to sense air currents and predict its enemy’s actions.
474,porygon-z,"In order to create a more advanced Pokémon, an additional program was installed, but apparently it contained a defect that makes it move oddly."
382,kyogre,A mythical Pokémon said to have swelled the seas with rain and tidal waves. It battled with GROUDON.
117,seadra,Capable of swim­ ming backwards by rapidly flappingits wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail.
340,whiscash,"It is extremely protective of its territory. If any foe approaches, it attacks using vicious tremors."
419,floatzel,"With its flotation sac inflated, it can carry people on its back. It deflates the sac before it dives."
328,trapinch,"Its big jaws crunch through boulders. Because its head is so big, it has a hard time getting back upright if it tips over onto its back."
704,goomy,"Its body is mostly water. If it dries out, it will die, so it’s always sitting with perfect stillness in the shade."
409,rampardos,"This ancient Pokémon used headbutts skillfully. Its brain was really small, so some theories suggest that its stupidity led to its extinction."
320,wailmer,"When it sucks in a large volume of seawater, it becomes like a big, bouncy ball. It eats a ton of food daily."
384,rayquaza,this Pokémon is said to have lived for hundreds of millions of years. Legends remain of how it put to rest the clash between Kyogre and Groudon.
87,dewgong,It loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this POKéMON sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago.
277,swellow,"If its two tail feathers are standing at attention, it is proof of good health. It soars elegantly in the sky."
577,solosis,"Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they are fine in any environment, no matter how severe."
234,stantler,"this Pokémon’s magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers."
53,persian,"A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk."
37,vulpix,"It controls balls of fire. As it grows, its six tails split from their tips to make more tails."
40,wigglytuff,"The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, it will suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size."
145,zapdos,This legendary bird Pokémon causes savage thunderstorms by flapping its glittering wings.
66,machop,Loves to build its muscles. It trains in allstyles of martial arts to become even stronger.
421,cherrim,"During times of strong sunlight, its bud blooms, its petals open fully, and it becomes very active."
36,clefable,Some scientists believe that it gazes intently at the sky on nights with a full moon because it’s homesick.
146,moltres,"A legendary bird Pokémon. As it flaps its flaming wings, even the night sky will turn red."
325,spoink,It apparently dies if it stops bouncing about. It carries a pearl from CLAMPERL on its head.
806,blacephalon,"It slithers toward people. Then, without warning, it triggers the explosion of its own head. It’s apparently one kind of Ultra Beast."
541,swadloon,"Preferring dark, damp places, it spends the entire day eating fallen leaves that lie around it."
559,scraggy,"Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so it can reduce damage by defensively pulling its skin up to its neck."
329,vibrava,"It generates ultrasonic waves by violently flapping its wings. After making its prey faint, it melts the prey with acid."
365,walrein,It shatters drift ice with its strong tusks. Its thick layer of blubber repels enemy attacks.
465,tangrowth,Its arms are made of plants that bind themselves to things. They grow back right away if cut.
86,seel,"In daytime, it is often found asleep on the seabed in shallow waters. Its nostrils close while it swims."
4,charmander,"The fire on the tip of its tail is a measure of its life. If healthy, its tail burns intensely."
125,electabuzz,Its body constant­ ly discharges electricity. Get­ting close to it will make your hair stand on end.
83,farfetchd,"The stalk this Pokémon carries in its wings serves as a sword to cut down opponents. In a dire situation, the stalk can also serve as food."
91,cloyster,"It swims in the sea by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. The this Pokémon shoots spikes from its shell using the same system."
85,dodrio,An enemy that takes its eyes off any of the three heads--even for a second--will get pecked severely.
89,muk,A toxic fluid seeps from its body. The fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact.
153,bayleef,this Pokémon’s neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree.The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
76,golem,"Its rock-like body is so durable, even high-powereddynamite blasts fail to scratch its rugged hide."
135,jolteon,The negatively charged ions generated in itsfur create a constant sparking noise.
623,golurk,It flies across the sky at Mach speeds. Removing the seal on its chest makes its internal energy go out of control.
473,mamoswine,"A frozen one was dug up from soil dating back 10,000 years. It woke up to much amazement."
102,exeggcute,"Although they are the same size as other this Pokémon, the ones produced in Alola are quite heavy. Their shells are packed full."
244,entei,this Pokémon embodies the passion of magma. It is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It blasts fire that consumes all that it touches.
37,vulpix,"Both its fur and its tails are beautiful. As itgrows, the tails split and form more tails."
81,magnemite,The electricity emitted by the units on each sideof its body cause it to become a strong magnet.
282,gardevoir,"To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole."
561,sigilyph,"The guardians of an ancient city, they always fly the same route while keeping watch for invaders."
55,golduck,It appears by waterways at dusk. It may use tele­kinetic powers if its forehead glows mysteriously.
81,magnemite,this Pokémon floats in the air by emitting electromagnetic waves from the units at its sides. These waves block gravity.This POKéMON becomes incapable of flight if its internal electrical supply is depleted.
104,cubone,"When it thinks of its dead mother, it cries. Its crying makes the skull it wears rattle hollowly."
793,nihilego,"One of the Ultra Beasts. It’s unclear whether or not this Pokémon is sentient, but sometimes it can be observed behaving like a young girl."
154,meganium,Its breath has the fantastic ability to revive dead plants and flowers.
172,pichu,"Despite its small size, it can zap even adult humans. However, if it does so, it also surprises itself."
528,swoobat,The auspicious shape of this Pokémon’s nose apparently led some regions to consider this Pokémon a symbol of good luck.
761,bounsweet,"Its body gives off a sweet, fruity scent that is extremely appetizing to bird Pokémon."
181,ampharos,"The tip of its tail shines brightly. In the olden days, people sent signals using the tail’s light."
494,victini,"This Pokémon brings victory. It is said that Trainers with this Pokémon always win, regardless of the type of encounter."
138,omanyte,A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas.
400,bibarel,"A river dammed by this Pokémon will never overflow its banks, which is appreciated by people nearby."
802,marshadow,"Able to conceal itself in shadows, it never appears before humans, so its very existence was the stuff of myth."
98,krabby,It can be found near the sea. The large pincers grow back if they are torn out of their sockets.
1,bulbasaur,The seed on its back is filled with nutrients.The seed grows steadily larger as its body grows.
357,tropius,"It flies by flapping its broad leaves and gives the sweet, delicious fruit around its neck to children."
83,farfetchd,The plant stalk it holds is its weapon. The stalk is used like a sword to cut all sorts of things.
279,pelipper,"It skims the tops of waves as it flies. When it spots prey, it uses its large beak to scoop up the victim with water. It protects its eggs in its beak."
667,litleo,They set off on their own from their pride and live by themselves to become stronger. These hot-blooded Pokémon are quick to fight.
120,staryu,It gathers with others in the night and makes its red core glow on and off with the twinkling stars. It can regenerate limbs if they are severed from its body.
402,kricketune,It signals its emotions with its melodies. Scientists are studying these melodic patterns.
615,cryogonal,"With its icy chains, this Pokémon freezes those it encounters. It then takes its victims away to somewhere unknown."
144,articuno,"Legendary bird POKéMON. As it flies through thesky, it cools the air, causing snow to fall."
145,zapdos,This legendary bird Pokémon is said to appear only when a thundercloud parts into two halves.
406,budew,"This Pokémon is highly sensitive to temperature changes. When its bud starts to open, that means spring is right around the corner."
16,pidgey,"It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back."
417,pachirisu,It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity. It stores them with berries in tree holes.
701,hawlucha,"Although its body is small, its proficient fighting skills enable it to keep up with big bruisers like Machamp and Hariyama."
368,gorebyss,"It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason."
480,uxie,It is said that its emergence gave humans the intelligence to improve their quality of life.
384,rayquaza,"It flies in the ozone layer, way up high in the sky. Until recently, no one had ever seen it."
529,drilbur,It makes its way swiftly through the soil by putting both claws together and rotating at high speed.
223,remoraid,"Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings toa MANTINE's under­ side to scavenge for leftovers."
519,pidove,"It’s forgetful and not very bright, but many Trainers love it anyway for its friendliness and sincerity."
238,smoochum,Its lips are the most sensitive parts on its body.It always uses its lips first to examine things.
4,charmander,"The flame on its tail indicates this Pokémon's lifeforce. If it is healthy, the flame burns brightly."
541,swadloon,"It protects itself from the cold by wrapping up in leaves. It stays on the move, eating leaves in forests."
87,dewgong,"Its body is covered with a pure white fur. The colder the weather, the more active it becomes."
865,sirfetchd,"After deflecting attacks with its hard leaf shield, it strikes back with its sharp leek stalk. The leek stalk is both weapon and food."
787,tapu-bulu,The guardian deity of Ula’ula is a lazy Pokémon. It commands plants to immobilize its foes and then deals them a savage blow with its horns.
355,duskull,It loves the crying of children. It startles bad kids by passing through walls and making them cry.
344,claydol,It is said that it originates from clay dolls made by an ancient civilization.
157,typhlosion,this Pokémon obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames.This POKéMON creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.
10,caterpie,"this Pokémon has a voracious appetite. It can devour leaves bigger than its body right before your eyes. From its antenna, this Pokémon releases a terrifically strong odor."
44,gloom,"The honey it drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away."
456,finneon,The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night.
882,dracovish,"Its mighty legs are capable of running at speeds exceeding 40 mph, but this Pokémon can’t breathe unless it’s underwater."
758,salazzle,this Pokémon lives deep in caves and forces the Salandit it has attracted with its pheromones to serve it.
443,gible,"It attacks using its huge mouth. While its attacks are powerful, it hurts itself out of clumsiness, too."
248,tyranitar,The quakes caused when it walks make even great mountains crumble and change the surrounding terrain.
172,pichu,this Pokémon charges itself with electricity more easily on days with thunderclouds or when the air is very dry.You can hear the crackling of static electricity coming off this POKéMON.
554,darumaka,"When it sleeps, it pulls its limbs into its body and its internal fire goes down to 1,100° F."
269,dustox,"When this Pokémon flaps its wings, a fine dust is scattered all over. This dust is actually a powerful poison that willeven make a pro wrestler sick. This POKéMON searches for food using its antennae like radar."
476,probopass,It uses three small units to catch prey and battle enemies. The main body mostly just gives orders.
451,skorupi,It lives in arid lands. It buries itself in sand and lies in wait for unsuspecting prey.
239,elekid,Spinning its arms around to generate electricity makes the area between its horns shine light blue.
716,xerneas,"When the horns on its head shine in seven colors, it is said to be sharing everlasting life."
217,ursaring,"In its territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits."
15,beedrill,It can take down any opponent with its powerful poison stingers. It sometimes attacks in swarms.
428,lopunny,"this Pokémon is constantly monitoring its surroundings. If danger approaches, this Pokémon responds with superdestructive kicks."
76,golem,"Even dynamite can’t harm its hard, boulderlike body. It sheds its hide just once a year."
634,zweilous,The two heads do not get along. Whichever head eats more than the other gets to be the leader.
291,ninjask,"Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap."
131,lapras,"People have driven this Pokémon almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, it is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain."
764,comfey,"Baths prepared with the flowers from its vine have a relaxing effect, so this Pokémon is a hit with many people."
770,palossand,Buried beneath the castle are masses of dried-up bones from those whose vitality it has drained.
25,pikachu,this Pokémon that can generate powerful electricity have cheek sacs that are extra soft and super stretchy.
340,whiscash,this Pokémon shakes the ground at high intensities to intimidate its opponents. It swallows its prey whole—along with mud from the swamp floor.
407,roserade,"With the movements of a dancer, it strikes with whips that are densely lined with poison thorns."
15,beedrill,"this Pokémon is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest - this is for their own safety.If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm."
150,mewtwo,"Because its battle abilities were raised to theultimate level, it thinks only of de­ feating its foes."
317,swalot,It gulps anything that fits in its mouth. Its special enzymes can dissolve anything.
851,centiskorch,"When it heats up, its body temperature reaches about 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit. It lashes its body like a whip and launches itself at enemies."
447,riolu,Its body is lithe yet powerful. It can crest three mountains and cross two canyons in one night.
145,zapdos,This Pokémon has complete control over electricity. There are tales of this Pokémon nesting in the dark depths of pitch-black thunderclouds.
98,krabby,"Its pincers are not only powerful weapons, they areused for balance when walking sideways."
795,pheromosa,"One of the dangerous Ultra Beasts, it has been spotted running across the land at terrific speeds."
180,flaaffy,"As a result of storing too much electricity, it developed patches where even downy wool won’t grow."
536,palpitoad,"On occasion, their cries are sublimely pleasing to the ear. this Pokémon with larger lumps on their bodies can sing with a wider range of sounds."
703,carbink,"Born from the high temperatures and pressures deep underground, it defends itself by firing beams from the jewel part of its body."
748,toxapex,"To attack, this Pokémon sends toxic spikes flying at its enemies. Ones that come close get mown down by the claws on its feet."
285,shroomish,It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
609,chandelure,The spirits burned up in its ominous flame lose their way and wander this world forever.
130,gyarados,"Once this Pokémon goes on a rampage, its ferociously violent blood doesn’t calm until it has burned everything down. There are records of this Pokémon’s rampages lasting a whole month."
306,aggron,Its iron horns grow longer a little at a time. They are used to determine the this Pokémon’s age. The gouges in its armor are worn with pride as mementos from battles.
619,mienfoo,"It takes pride in the speed at which it can use moves. What it loses in power, it makes up for in quantity."
334,altaria,It looks like a fluffy cloud when it is in flight. It hums with its soprano voice.
580,ducklett,"They are better at swimming than flying, and they happily eat their favorite food, peat moss, as they dive underwater."
52,meowth,It washes its face regularly to keep the coin on its forehead spotless. It doesn’t get along with Galarian this Pokémon.
728,popplio,"This Pokémon snorts body fluids from its nose, blowing balloons to smash into its foes. It’s famous for being a hard worker."
390,chimchar,Its fiery rear end is fueled by gas made in its belly. Even rain can’t extinguish the fire.
448,lucario,"By reading the auras of all things, it can tell how others are feeling from over half a mile away."
39,jigglypuff,this Pokémon’s vocal chords can freely adjust the wavelength of its voice. This POKéMON uses this ability to singat precisely the right wavelength to make its foes most drowsy.
521,unfezant,"Males swing the plumage on their heads to threaten others, but females are better at flying."
49,venomoth,"The powder on its wings is poisonous if it is dark incolor. If it is light, it causes paralysis."
256,combusken,"this Pokémon toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This Pokémon’s legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out 10 kicks in one second."
434,stunky,"If it lifts its tail and points its rear at you, beware. It’s about to spray you with a fluid stinky enough to make you faint."
433,chingling,"There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound."
191,sunkern,"It may plummet from the sky. If attacked by a Spearow, it will violently shake its leaves."
437,bronzong,"In ages past, this Pokémon was revered as a bringer of rain. It was found buried in the ground."
492,shaymin,The blooming of Gracidea flowers confers the power of flight upon it. Feelings of gratitude are the message it delivers.
142,aerodactyl,"A ferocious, pre­ historic POKéMON that goes for theenemy's throat with its serrated saw-like fangs."
321,wailord,"When chasing prey, this Pokémon herds them by leaping out of the water and making a humongous splash. It is breathtaking to see this Pokémon leaping out of the sea with others in its pod."
87,dewgong,"Its streamlined body has little drag in water.The colder the temperature, the friskier it gets."
218,slugma,"It never sleeps. It has to keep moving because if it stopped, its magma body would cool and harden."
654,braixen,"When the twig is plucked from its tail, friction sets the twig alight. The flame is used to send signals to its allies."
432,purugly,"It binds its body with its tails to make itself look bigger. If it locks eyes, it will glare ceaselessly."
220,swinub,this Pokémon roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under the cover of dead grass. This Pokémon occasionally roots out hot springs.
23,ekans,"A very common sight in grassland, etc. It flicks its tongue in and out to sense danger in its surroundings."
416,vespiquen,It releases various pheromones to make the grubs in its body do its bidding while fighting foes.
285,shroomish,"If it senses danger, it scatters spores from the top of its head to protect itself."
73,tentacruel,"It fires off ultrasonic waves from its red orbs to weaken its prey, and then it wraps them up in its 80 tentacles."
713,avalugg,Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel. Its cumbersome frame crushes anything that stands in its way.
484,palkia,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that space becomes more stable with this Pokémon’s every breath.
409,rampardos,Its skull is as hard as iron. It is a brute that tears down jungle trees while catching prey.
5,charmeleon,"In the rocky mountains where this Pokémon live, their fiery tails shine at night like stars."
51,dugtrio,"While the three of them normally get along splendidly, on rare occasions a huge fight will break out over which head gets to eat first."
613,cubchoo,Its nose is always running. It sniffs the snot back up because the mucus provides the raw material for its moves.
652,chesnaught,Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank. It shields its allies from danger with its own body.
476,probopass,It freely controls three small units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force.
201,unown,"This Pokémon is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various this Pokémon. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known."
274,nuzleaf,The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
27,sandshrew,"It loves to bathe in the grit of dry, sandy areas. By sand bathing, the Pokémon rids itself of dirt and moisture clinging to its body."
555,darmanitan,"Its internal fire burns at 2,500° F, making enough power that it can destroy a dump truck with one punch."
527,woobat,The heart-shaped mark left on a body after a this Pokémon has been attached to it is said to bring good fortune.
56,mankey,"It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason."
79,slowpoke,"Although slow, it is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten."
294,loudred,The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
509,purrloin,"Its cute act is a ruse. When victims let down their guard, they find their items taken. It attacks with sharp claws."
86,seel,A Pokémon that lives on icebergs. It swims in the sea using the point on its head to break up ice.
17,pidgeotto,"It flies over its wide territory in search of prey, downing it with its highly developed claws."
220,swinub,"Rooting the tip of its snout into the ground, it searches for food. Sometimes it even digs up a hot spring."
426,drifblim,"It’s drowsy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go."
173,cleffa,"According to local rumors, this Pokémon are often seen in places where shooting stars have fallen."
303,mawile,Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
369,relicanth,A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.
639,terrakion,Its charge is strong enough to break through a giant castle wall in one blow. This Pokémon is spoken of in legends.
601,klinklang,The gear with the red core is rotated at high speed for a rapid energy charge.
559,scraggy,"If it locks eyes with you, watch out! Nothing and no one is safe from the reckless headbutts of this troublesome Pokémon."
207,gligar,It sails on the winds with its limbs extended to strike from the sky. It aims for the prey’s face.
223,remoraid,It has superb ac­ curacy. The water it shoots out canstrike even moving prey from more than 300 feet.
367,huntail,It lives deep in the sea where no light ever filters down. It lights up its small fishlike tail to attract prey.
295,exploud,Its roar in battle shakes the ground like a tremor--or like an earthquake has struck.
22,fearow,"It cleverly uses its thin, long beak to pluck andeat small insects that hide under the ground."
894,regieleki,This Pokémon is a cluster of electrical energy. It’s said that removing the rings on this Pokémon’s body will unleash the Pokémon’s latent power.
521,unfezant,"Males swing the plumage on their heads to threaten others, but females are better at flying."
582,vanillite,"Supposedly, this Pokémon was born from an icicle. It spews out freezing air at −58 degrees Fahrenheit to make itself more comfortable."
20,raticate,"Its hind feet are webbed. They act as flippers, so it can swim in rivers and hunt for prey."
65,alakazam,"Its brain can out­ perform a super­ computer.Its intelligence quotient is said to be 5,000."
370,luvdisc,"During the spawning season, countless this Pokémon congregate at coral reefs, turning the waters pink."
457,lumineon,It crawls along the seafloor using its long front fins like legs. It competes for food with Lanturn.
279,pelipper,It acts as a delivery service by carrying small Pokémon in its bill. It bobs on the waves to rest.
54,psyduck,"It is constantly wracked by a headache. When the headache turns intense, it begins using mysterious powers."
235,smeargle,"It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks."
260,swampert,It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
230,kingdra,It lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves.
93,haunter,It strikes at humans from total darkness. Those licked by its cold tongue grow weaker with each passing day until they die.
291,ninjask,"Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap."
433,chingling,"Each time it hops, it makes a ringing sound. It deafens foes by emitting high-frequency cries."
678,meowstic,"Revealing the eyelike patterns on the insides of its ears will unleash its psychic powers. It normally keeps the patterns hidden, however."
244,entei,"It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe."
147,dratini,"After a 10-hour struggle, a fisherman was able to pull one up and confirm its existence."
3,venusaur,There is a large flower on this Pokémon’s back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower’s aroma soothes the emotions of people.
58,growlithe,It has a brave and trustworthy nature. It fearlessly stands up to bigger and stronger foes.
560,scrafty,It taunts its opponents by spitting. It has a certain territory that it never leaves its whole life long.
80,slowbro,An attached Shellder won’t let go because of the tasty flavor that oozes out of its tail.
637,volcarona,"Thought to be an embodiment of the sun, it appeared during a bitterly cold winter and saved Pokémon from freezing."
269,dustox,"this Pokémon is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this Pokémon are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food."
165,ledyba,It is very timid. It will be afraid to move if it is alone. But it will be active if it is in a group.
160,feraligatr,"When it bites with its massive and powerful jaws, it shakes its head and savagely tears up its victim."
276,taillow,It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
616,shelmet,"When attacked, it tightly shuts the lid of its shell. This reaction fails to protect it from Karrablast, however, because they can still get into the shell."
165,ledyba,"This Pokémon is very sensitive to cold. In the warmth of Alola, it appears quite lively."
557,dwebble,"It first tries to find a rock to live in, but if there are no suitable rocks to be found, this Pokémon may move in to the ports of a Hippowdon."
134,vaporeon,"Its cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can melt away into water."
198,murkrow,"If spotted, it will lure an unwary person into chasing it, then lose the pursuer on mountain trails."
485,heatran,"Its body is made of rugged steel. However, it is partially melted in spots because of its own heat."
71,victreebel,"this Pokémon has a long vine that extends from its head. This vine is waved and flicked about as if it werean animal to attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this POKéMON swallows it whole."
108,lickitung,"Bug Pokémon are this Pokémon’s main food source. This Pokémon paralyzes its prey with a lick from its long tongue, then swallows the prey whole."
694,helioptile,"They make their home in deserts. They can generate their energy from basking in the sun, so eating food is not a requirement."
65,alakazam,"Its brain can out­ perform a super­ computer.Its intelligence quotient is said to be 5,000."
290,nincada,this Pokémon lives underground. It uses its sharp claws to carve the roots of trees and absorb moisture and nutrients. This Pokémon can’t withstand bright sunlight so avoids it.
96,drowzee,"When it twitches its nose, it can tell where someoneis sleeping and what that person is dreaming about."
109,koffing,"Its thin, filmy body is filled with gases thatcause constant sniffles, coughs and teary eyes."
121,starmie,The center section of its body is called the core.It glows in a dif­ ferent color each time it is seen.
106,hitmonlee,"If it starts kick­ ing repeatedly, both legs willstretch even long­ er to strike a fleeing foe."
196,espeon,"Its fur is so sensitive, it can sense minute shifts in the air and predict the weather."
131,lapras,It loves crossing the sea with people and Pokémon on its back. It understands human speech.
84,doduo,"this Pokémon’s two heads never sleep at the same time. Its two heads take turns sleeping, so one head can always keep watch for enemies while the other one sleeps."
63,abra,"It sleeps for 18 hours a day. Even when awake, it teleports itself while remaining seated."
200,misdreavus,A Pokémon that startles people in the middle of the night. It gathers fear as its energy.
68,machamp,It quickly swings its four arms to rock its opponents with ceaseless punches and chops from all angles.
88,grimer,"Wherever this Pokémon has passed, so many germs areleft behind that no plants will ever grow again."
160,feraligatr,"It usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey."
258,mudkip,Its large tail fin propels it through water with powerful acceleration. It is strong in spite of its size.
158,totodile,It has the habit of biting anything with its developed jaws. Even its Trainer needs to be careful.
349,feebas,"They look ragged, so no one catches them. They look like they’d taste bad, so predators won’t eat them. And their numbers continue to grow."
191,sunkern,"It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. Knowing it’s weak, it simply feeds until it evolves."
40,wigglytuff,"Its fur is extremely fine, dense, and supple. The exquisitely pleasant fur conveys an image of luxury."
454,toxicroak,The toxin made in its poison sacs is pumped to the knuckle claws through tubes down its arms.
134,vaporeon,this Pokémon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater.This POKéMON has the ability to freely control water.
179,mareep,"this Pokémon’s fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged,the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail grows."
663,talonflame,"When attacking prey, it can reach speeds of up to 310 mph. It finishes its prey off with a colossal kick."
236,tyrogue,It is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes.
190,aipom,Its tail is so powerful that it can use it to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air.
467,magmortar,"When launching 3,600 degrees F fireballs, its body takes on a whitish hue from the intense heat."
434,stunky,It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours.
343,baltoy,It moves while spinning around on its single foot. Some this Pokémon have been seen spinning on their heads.
454,toxicroak,It booms out a victory croak when its prey goes down in defeat. This Pokémon and Seismitoad are related species.
30,nidorina,"When it senses danger, it raises all the barbs on its body. These barbs grow slower than Nidorino’s."
52,meowth,Appears to be more active at night. It loves roundand shiny things. It can't stop from picking them up.
306,aggron,this Pokémon claims an entire mountain as its own territory. It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment.This POKéMON vigilantly patrols its territory at all times.
328,trapinch,It makes a conical pit in desert sand and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
83,farfetchd,It can’t live without the stalk it holds. That’s why it defends the stalk from attackers with its life.
445,garchomp,"It flies at the speed of sound while searching for prey, and it has midair battles with Salamence as the two compete for food."
588,karrablast,Its strange physiology reacts to electrical energy in interesting ways. The presence of a Shelmet will cause this Pokémon to evolve.
61,poliwhirl,"Under attack, it uses its belly spiral to put the foe to sleep. It then makes its escape."
77,ponyta,Capable of jumping incredibly high. Its hooves and sturdy legs absorb the impact of a hard landing.
14,kakuna,"While awaiting evolution, it hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches."
332,cacturne,"If a traveler is going through a desert in the thick of night, this Pokémon will follow in a ragtag group. The Pokémon are biding their time, waiting for the traveler to tire and become incapable of moving."
99,kingler,"The larger pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, it is so heavy, it is difficult to aim."
443,gible,"It nests in small, horizontal holes in cave walls. It pounces to catch prey that stray too close."
7,squirtle,"It shelters itself in its shell, then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity."
39,jigglypuff,"Looking into its cute, round eyes makes it start singing a song so pleasant listeners can’t help but fall asleep."
126,magmar,"Born in an active volcano. Its body is always cloakedin flames, so it looks like a big ball of fire."
164,noctowl,"this Pokémon never fails at catching prey in darkness. This POKéMON owes its success to its superior vision thatallows it to see in minimal light, and to its soft,  supple wings that make no sound in flight."
665,spewpa,"The beaks of bird Pokémon can’t begin to scratch its stalwart body. To defend itself, it spews powder."
323,camerupt,"It has volcanoes on its back. If magma builds up in its body, it shudders, then erupts violently."
124,jynx,It rocks its body rhythmically. It appears to alter the rhythm depending on how it is feeling.
859,impidimp,"It sneaks into people’s homes, stealing things and feasting on the negative energy of the frustrated occupants."
470,leafeon,"Just like a plant, it uses photosynthesis. As a result, it is always enveloped in clear air."
55,golduck,The webbed flippers on its forelegs and hind legs and the streamlined body of this Pokémon give it frightening speed.This POKéMON is definitely much faster than even the most athletic swimmer.
304,aron,"It usually lives deep in mountains. However, hunger may drive it to eat railroad tracks and cars."
605,elgyem,"If this Pokémon stands near a TV, strange scenery will appear on the screen. That scenery is said to be from its home."
18,pidgeot,"This Pokémon has a dazzling plumage of beautifully glossy feathers. Many Trainers are captivated by the striking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling them to choose this Pokémon as their Pokémon."
537,seismitoad,They shoot paralyzing liquid from their head bumps. They use vibration to hurt their opponents.
302,sableye,"this Pokémon lead quiet lives deep inside caverns. They are feared, however, because these Pokémon are thought to steal the spirits of people when their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness."
335,zangoose,Its fur would all stand on end if it smelled a SEVIPER nearby. Its sharp claws tear up its foes.
779,bruxish,It stuns its prey with psychokinesis and then grinds them to mush with its strong teeth. Even Shellder’s shell is no match for it.
75,graveler,"It travels by rolling down cliffs. If it falls into a river, it will explode with its last gasp."
445,garchomp,"When it folds up its body and extends its wings, it looks like a jet plane. It flies at sonic speed."
89,muk,"It’s so stinky! this Pokémon’s body contains toxic elements, and any plant will wilt when it passes by."
220,swinub,"Rooting the tip of its snout into the ground, it searches for food. Sometimes it even digs up a hot spring."
592,frillish,"If its veil-like arms stun and wrap a foe, that foe will be dragged miles below the surface, never to return."
441,chatot,"Its tongue is just like a human’s. As a result, it can cleverly mimic human speech."
21,spearow,Its reckless nature leads it to stand up to others—even large Pokémon—if it has to protect its territory.
184,azumarill,"When it plays in water, it rolls up its elongated ears to prevent their insides from getting wet."
548,petilil,"They prefer clean water and soil. When the environment they live in turns bad, the whole bunch will up and move to a new area."
484,palkia,It is said to live in a gap in the spatial dimension parallel to ours. It appears in mythology.
823,corviknight,This Pokémon reigns supreme in the skies of the Galar region. The black luster of its steel body could drive terror into the heart of any foe.
70,weepinbell,A Pokémon that appears to be a plant. It captures unwary prey by dousing them with a toxic powder.
744,rockruff,"This Pokémon can bond very strongly with its Trainer, but it also has a habit of biting. Raising a this Pokémon for a long time can be challenging."
374,beldum,"Its cells are all magnetic, and it communicates with others by using magnetic pulses."
234,stantler,The curved antlers subtly change the flow of air to create a strange space where reality is distorted.
459,snover,"It lives on snowy mountains. Having had little contact with humans, it is boldly inquisitive."
174,igglybuff,"It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it willbounce all over and be impossible to stop."
223,remoraid,It forcefully squirts water. The water jet never misses prey even if the this Pokémon is deep in the sea.
28,sandslash,Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. Itcan roll while curled up to attack or escape.
571,zoroark,Each has the ability to fool a large group of people simultaneously. They protect their lair with illusory scenery.
79,slowpoke,"Although their tails, which fall off naturally, can easily be found lying around, they’re a precious ingredient for cooking."
422,shellos,"Its shape and coloration vary, depending on its habitat."
394,prinplup,"Because every this Pokémon considers itself to be the most important, they can never form a group."
41,zubat,"It has no eyeballs, so it can’t see. It checks its surroundings via the ultrasonic waves it emits from its mouth."
580,ducklett,"When attacked, it uses its feathers to splash water, escaping under cover of the spray."
704,goomy,"The weakest Dragon-type Pokémon, it lives in damp, shady places, so its body doesn’t dry out."
426,drifblim,It can generate and release gas within its body. That’s how it can control the altitude of its drift.
723,dartrix,"A bit of a dandy, it spends its free time preening its wings. Its preoccupation with any dirt on its plumage can leave it unable to battle."
78,rapidash,"It has astounding acceleration. From a standstill, it can reach top speed within 10 steps."
275,shiftry,this Pokémon’s large fans generate awesome gusts of wind at a speed close to 100 feet per second. The whipped-up wind blows anything away. This Pokémon chooses to live quietly deep in forests.
240,magby,"Its magma-like blood circulates throughout its body. Its body’s heat can top 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit."
157,typhlosion,It attacks using blasts of fire. It creates heat shimmers with intense fire to hide itself.
349,feebas,It is the shabbiest Pokémon of all. It forms in schools and lives at the bottom of rivers.
39,jigglypuff,"It captivates foes with its huge, round eyes, then lulls them to sleep by singing a soothing melody."
101,electrode,"They appear in great numbers at electric power plants. Because they feed on electricity, they cause massive and chaotic blackouts in nearby cities."
24,arbok,"With a very venge­ ful nature, it won't give up thechase, no matter how far, once it targets its prey."
597,ferroseed,"When threatened, it attacks by shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives it a chance to escape by rolling away."
110,weezing,"It grows by feeding on gases released by garbage. Though very rare, triplets have been found."
792,lunala,"Known as the Beast That Calls the Moon, this Pokémon lives by taking in any and all light and converting it into its own energy."
750,mudsdale,"Its heavy, mud-covered kicks are its best means of attack, and it can reduce large trucks to scrap without breaking a sweat."
408,cranidos,"A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with head butts."
302,sableye,It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
106,hitmonlee,"When kicking, the sole of its foot turns as hard asa diamond on im­ pact and destroys its enemy."
852,clobbopus,"It’s very curious, but its means of investigating things is to try to punch them with its tentacles. The search for food is what brings it onto land."
444,gabite,"As it digs to expand its nest, it habitually digs up gems that it then hoards in its nest."
480,uxie,Known as “The Being of Knowledge.” It is said that it can wipe out the memory of those who see its eyes.
95,onix,"There is a magnet in its brain that prevents an this Pokémon from losing direction while tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes steadily rounder and smoother."
295,exploud,this Pokémon communicates its feelings to the others by emitting whistle-like sounds from the tubes on its body. This Pokémon only raises its voice when it is in battle.
21,spearow,Eats bugs in grassy areas. It has to flap itsshort wings at high speed to stay airborne.
317,swalot,It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
61,poliwhirl,"Its health suffers when its skin dries out, so be sure to moisturize it diligently."
335,zangoose,"When it battles, it stands on its hind legs and attacks with its sharply clawed forelegs. Its fur bristles if it encounters any SEVIPER."
473,mamoswine,"A frozen this Pokémon was dug from ice dating back 10,000 years. This Pokémon has been around a long, long, long time."
339,barboach,"Its whiskers make a superb radar. They are used to locate prey, even in the murkiest of water."
30,nidorina,"It has a calm and caring nature. Because its horngrows slowly, it prefers not to fight."
56,mankey,"When this Pokémon starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it’s a sure sign that it is becoming angry. However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath."
297,hariyama,It has the habit of challenging others without hesitation to tests of strength. It’s been known to stand on train tracks and stop trains using forearm thrusts.
120,staryu,"this Pokémon apparently communicates with the stars in the night sky by flashing the red core at the center of its body.If parts of its body are torn, this POKéMON simply regenerates the missing pieces and limbs."
278,wingull,this Pokémon rides updrafts rising from the sea by extending its long and narrow wings to glide. This Pokémon’s long beak is useful for catching prey.
183,marill,"The tip of its tail is filled with oil that is lighter than water, so it acts as a float."
433,chingling,"There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound."
90,shellder,"At night, this Pokémon uses its broad tongue to burrow a hole in the seafloor sand and then sleep in it. While it is sleeping, this Pokémon closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out."
67,machoke,"The muscles cover­ ing its body teem with power. Evenwhen still, it exudes an amazing sense of strength."
120,staryu,"It appears in large numbers by seashores. At night, its central core flashes with a red light."
2,ivysaur,"When the bud on its back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower’s coming bloom."
273,seedot,It attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. Strong winds can sometimes make it fall.
40,wigglytuff,Its fine fur feels sublime to the touch. It can expand its body by inhaling air.
408,cranidos,"Its hard skull is its distinguishing feature. It snapped trees by headbutting them, and then it fed on their ripe berries."
99,kingler,"this Pokémon has an enormous, oversized claw. It waves this huge claw in the air to communicate with others. However, because the claw is so heavy, the Pokémon quickly tires."
736,grubbin,"It spits a sticky thread to stop opponents in their tracks, and then it grabs them in its sharp, sturdy mandibles to take them down."
374,beldum,Its cells are all magnets. It uses magnetism to communicate with others of its kind.
27,sandshrew,"Disliking water, it lives in deep burrows in arid areas. It can roll itself instantly into a ball."
132,ditto,"It can transform into anything. When it sleeps, itchanges into a stone to avoid being attacked."
612,haxorus,They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel.
171,lanturn,this Pokémon’s light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed “The Deep-Sea Star.”
222,corsola,"Coral branches grow from its head. They break off quite easily, but they grow back in about three days."
54,psyduck,"While lulling its enemies with its vacant look, this wily POKéMON will use psychokinetic powers."
111,rhyhorn,It doesn't care if there is anything in its way. Itjust charges and destroys all ob­ stacles.
437,bronzong,Ancient people believed that petitioning this Pokémon for rain was the way to make crops grow.
353,shuppet,It loves vengeful emotions and hangs in rows under the eaves of houses where vengeful people live.
183,marill,The oil-filled end of its tail floats on water. It keeps this Pokémon from drowning even in a strong current.
322,numel,"The magma in its body reaches 2,200 degrees F. Its hump gets smaller when it uses Fire-type moves."
89,muk,From this Pokémon’s body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a nose-bendingly horrible stench.Just one drop of this POKéMON’s body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid.
467,magmortar,There are still quite a few factories that rely on the flames provided by this Pokémon to process metals.
203,girafarig,"this Pokémon’s rear head also has a brain, but it is small. The rear head attacks in response to smells and sounds. Approaching this Pokémon from behind can cause the rear head to suddenly lash out and bite."
88,grimer,Made of congealed sludge. It smells too putrid to touch. Even weeds won’t grow in its path.
346,cradily,"It has short legs and can’t walk very fast, but its neck and tentacles can extend to over three times their usual length to nab distant prey."
102,exeggcute,"Six of them form a single Pokémon. Should one of the six be lost, the next morning there will once more be six."
174,igglybuff,"Left to its own devices, it will constantly practice singing. You should make it take a break so it doesn’t hurt its throat."
441,chatot,It mimics the cries of other Pokémon to trick them into thinking it’s one of them. This way they won’t attack it.
203,girafarig,"Its tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! Ifyou get close, it may react to your scent and bite."
432,purugly,It would claim another Pokémon’s nest as its own if it finds a nest sufficiently comfortable.
36,clefable,"With its acute hearing, it can pick up soundsfrom far away. It usually hides in quiet places."
554,darumaka,"It derives its power from fire burning inside its body. If the fire dwindles, this Pokémon will immediately fall asleep."
272,ludicolo,"Upon hearing an upbeat and cheerful rhythm, the cells in this Pokémon’s body become very energetic and active. Even in battle, this Pokémon will exhibit an amazing amount of power."
136,flareon,"Inhaled air is carried to its flame sac, heated, and exhaled as fire that reaches over 3,000 degrees F."
322,numel,"this Pokémon stores magma of almost 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit within its body. If it gets wet, the magma cools and hardens. In that event, the Pokémon’s body grows heavy and its movements become sluggish."
238,smoochum,"It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes."
281,kirlia,"If its Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about."
624,pawniard,"After shredding its prey, it sharpens its blades on a stone by the river. Each this Pokémon has its own favorite sharpening stone."
445,garchomp,"It is said that when one runs at high speed, its wings create blades of wind that can fell nearby trees."
91,cloyster,"Its shell is extremely hard. It cannot be shattered, even with a bomb. The shell opens only when it is attacking."
318,carvanha,It lives in massive rivers that course through jungles. It swarms prey that enter its territory.
346,cradily,It lives in warm seas. Its heavy body weighs it down so it won’t get washed away in rough weather.
542,leavanny,"Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves by using the sticky silk secreted from its mouth."
124,jynx,Its strange cries sound like human language. There are some musicians who compose songs for this Pokémon to sing.
226,mantine,"On sunny days, schools of this Pokémon can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea’s waves. This Pokémon is not bothered by the Remoraid that hitches rides."
211,qwilfish,It shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer.
32,nidoran-m,It scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection.
337,lunatone,Its health ebbs and flows with the lunar cycle. It brims with power when exposed to the light of the full moon.
267,beautifly,Vibrantly patterned wings are its prominent feature. It sucks sweet flower nectar with its long mouth.
557,dwebble,"When it finds a stone of a suitable size, it secretes a liquid from its mouth to open up a hole to crawl into."
339,barboach,Its whiskers are filled with nerves. They can sense smells and flavors just as a person’s nose or tongue would.
189,jumpluff,this Pokémon rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The POKéMON descends to the groundwhen it encounters cold air while it is floating.
567,archeops,It runs better than it flies. It takes off into the sky by running at a speed of 25 mph.
210,granbull,"It has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The huge fangs are heavy, causing it to tilt its head. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite."
537,seismitoad,They shoot paralyzing liquid from their head bumps. They use vibration to hurt their opponents.
92,gastly,"Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by its gaseous body, which contains poison."
46,paras,Burrows under the ground to gnaw on tree roots. The mushrooms on its back absorb most of the nutrition.
50,diglett,"A Pokémon that lives underground. Because of its dark habitat, it is repelled by bright sunlight."
251,celebi,"It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times."
386,deoxys,The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in this Pokémon.The crystalline organ on this POKéMON’s chest appears to be its brain.
118,goldeen,"Spellbound by the length of its horn and the beauty of its fins, many strange Trainers raise this Pokémon and nothing but this Pokémon."
702,dedenne,"It uses its tail to absorb electricity from power plants or from outlets in houses, and then it fires the electricity from its whiskers."
221,piloswine,this Pokémon is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold.This POKéMON uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
236,tyrogue,"It is always bursting with en­ ergy. To make it­self stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses."
370,luvdisc,"Its heart-shaped body makes it popular. In some places, you would give a this Pokémon to someone you love."
846,arrokuda,"If it sees any movement around it, this Pokémon charges for it straightaway, leading with its sharply pointed jaw. It’s very proud of that jaw."
82,magneton,"this Pokémon emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to mechanical devices. As a result, large cities soundsirens to warn citizens of large-scale outbreaks of this POKéMON."
320,wailmer,It shows off by spraying jets of seawater from the nostrils above its eyes. It eats a solid ton of Wishiwashi every day.
201,unown,"Its flat, thin body is always stuck on walls. Its shape appears to have some meaning."
92,gastly,"Should a strange light be seen flickering in an abandoned building, this Pokémon is lurking there."
3,venusaur,The flower on its back catches the sun’s rays. The sunlight is then absorbed and used for energy.
281,kirlia,"this Pokémon uses the horns on its head to amplify its psychokinetic power. When the POKéMON uses its power,the air around it becomes distorted, creating mirages of nonexistent scenery."
142,aerodactyl,"A vicious POKéMON from the distant past, it appearsto have flown by spreading its wings and gliding."
219,magcargo,this Pokémon’s shell is actually its skin that hardened as a result of cooling. Its shell is very brittle and fragile -just touching it causes it to crumble apart. This POKéMON returns to its original size by dipping itself in magma.
12,butterfree,It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.
789,cosmog,"this Pokémon is very curious but not very cautious, often placing itself in danger. If things start to look dicey, it teleports away."
742,cutiefly,"Nectar and pollen are its favorite fare. In fields of flowers, it gets into skirmishes with Butterfree over food."
408,cranidos,"A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with head butts."
135,jolteon,Every hair on its body starts to stand sharply on end if it becomes charged with electricity.
129,magikarp,It is said to be the world’s weakest Pokémon. No one knows why it has managed to survive.
54,psyduck,"Overwhelmed by enigmatic abilities, it suffers a constant headache. It sometimes uses mysterious powers."
384,rayquaza,It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
578,duosion,"When their two divided brains think the same thoughts, their psychic power is maximized."
31,nidoqueen,"It uses its scaly, rugged body to seal the entrance of its nest and protect its young from predators."
526,gigalith,"Known for its hefty horsepower, this Pokémon is a popular partner for construction workers."
564,tirtouga,"About 100 million years ago, these Pokémon swam in oceans. It is thought they also went on land to attack prey."
118,goldeen,"Its dorsal, pecto­ ral and tail fins wave elegantly inwater. That is why it is known as the water dancer."
52,meowth,"It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly."
64,kadabra,A theory exists that this Pokémon was a young boy who couldn’t control his psychic powers and ended up transformed into this Pokémon.
477,dusknoir,"With the mouth on its belly, this Pokémon swallows its target whole. The soul is the only thing eaten— this Pokémon disgorges the body before departing."
308,medicham,It gains the ability to see the aura of its opponents by honing its mind through starvation.
225,delibird,"It has a generous habit of sharing its food with people and Pokémon, so it’s always scrounging around for more food."
339,barboach,"Its slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud."
132,ditto,Capable of copying an enemy's genetic code to instantlytransform itself into a duplicate of the enemy.
57,primeape,It becomes wildly furious if it even senses someonelooking at it. It chases anyone that meets its glare.
63,abra,"It hypnotizes itself so that it can teleport awaywhen it senses danger, even if it is asleep."
290,nincada,"It grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes."
4,charmander,"From the time it is born, a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if the flame were to go out."
157,typhlosion,"It has a secret, devastating move. It rubs its blazing fur together to cause huge explosions."
149,dragonite,It is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore.
17,pidgeotto,The claws on its feet are well developed. It can carry prey such as an Exeggcute to its nest over 60 miles away.
239,elekid,"It rotates its arms to generate electricity, but it tires easily, so it charges up only a little bit."
153,bayleef,The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up.
485,heatran,It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls.
700,sylveon,It sends a soothing aura from its ribbonlike feelers to calm fights.
392,infernape,Its crown of fire is indicative of its fiery nature. It is beaten by none in terms of quickness.
162,furret,It makes a nest to suit its long and skinny body. The nest is impossible for other Pokémon to enter.
162,furret,It makes a nest to suit its long and skinny body. The nest is impossible for other POKéMON to enter.
321,wailord,"The biggest of all Pokémon. It can dive to a depth of almost 10,000 feet on only one breath."
297,hariyama,It loves challenging others to tests of strength. It has the power to stop a train with a slap.
188,skiploom,The bloom on top of its head opens and closes as the temperature fluctuates up and down.
536,palpitoad,"It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to immobilize its opponents."
41,zubat,"Capable of flying safely in dark places, it emits ultrasonic cries to check for any obstacles."
208,steelix,It is thought its body transformed as a result of iron accumulating internally from swallowing soil.
696,tyrunt,"This is an ancient Pokémon, revived in modern times. It has a violent disposition, and it’ll tear apart anything it gets between its hefty jaws."
96,drowzee,"If you sleep by it all the time, it will sometimes show you dreams it had eaten in the past."
377,regirock,"this Pokémon’s body is composed entirely of rocks. Recently, a study made the startling discovery that the rockswere all unearthed from different locations."
217,ursaring,"With its ability to distinguish any aroma, it unfailingly finds all food buried deep underground."
122,mr-mime,Emanations from its fingertips solidify the air into invisible walls that repel even harsh attacks.
479,rotom,Its electric-like body can enter some kinds of machines and take control in order to make mischief.
71,victreebel,"Lures prey with the sweet aroma of honey. Swallowed whole, the prey is dissolved in a day, bones and all."
141,kabutops,It is thought that this Pokémon came onto land because its prey adapted to life on land.
186,politoed,"The curled hair on this Pokémon’s head is proof of its status as a king. It is said that the longer and more curled thehair, the more respect this POKéMON earns from its peers."
137,porygon,A Pokémon that consists entirely of programming code. It is capable of moving freely in cyberspace.
130,gyarados,"Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, itis capable of destroying entire cities in a rage."
275,shiftry,this Pokémon is a mysterious POKéMON that is said to live atop towering trees dating back over a thousand years.It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds.
328,trapinch,It lives in arid deserts. It makes a sloping pit trap in sand where it patiently awaits prey.
313,volbeat,It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves Illumise’s sweet aroma.
146,moltres,Known as the legendary bird of fire. Every flapof its wings creates a dazzling flash of flames.
311,plusle,It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
608,lampent,The spirits it absorbs fuel its baleful fire. It hangs around hospitals waiting for people to pass on.
133,eevee,An this Pokémon has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to its environment. Radiation from various STONES causes this POKéMON to evolve.
159,croconaw,"If it loses a fang, a new one grows back in its place. There are always 48 fangs lining its mouth."
725,litten,"If you try too hard to get close to it, it won’t open up to you. Even if you do grow close, giving it too much affection is still a no-no."
303,mawile,Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
134,vaporeon,this Pokémon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater.This POKéMON has the ability to freely control water.
211,qwilfish,"this Pokémon sucks in water, inflating itself. This Pokémon uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming somewhat challenging."
643,reshiram,This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with fire. It helps those who want to build a world of truth.
458,mantyke,The pattern on its back varies by region. It often swims in a school of Remoraid.
596,galvantula,It creates barriers from electrified silk that stun foes. This works as a weapon as well as a defense.
290,nincada,It can sometimes live underground for more than 10 years. It absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees.
498,tepig,"It loves to eat roasted berries, but sometimes it gets too excited and burns them to a crisp."
566,archen,"this Pokémon is said to be the ancestor of bird Pokémon. It lived in treetops, eating berries and bug Pokémon."
338,solrock,Sunlight is the source of this Pokémon’s power. It is said to possess the ability to read the emotions of others. This Pokémon gives off intense heat while rotating its body.
109,koffing,"The poisonous gases it contains are a little bitlighter than air, keeping it slight­ ly airborne."
524,roggenrola,"When it detects a noise, it starts to move. The energy core inside it makes this Pokémon slightly warm to the touch."
74,geodude,It is impossible to distinguish from rocks. It slams against others in contests of hardness.
424,ambipom,"To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. It rarely uses its arms now."
15,beedrill,It has three poison barbs. The barb on its tail secretes the most powerful poison.
360,wynaut,It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
41,zubat,"When exposed to sunlight, they suffer burns. The frequency of their ultrasonic waves can differ slightly from colony to colony."
2,ivysaur,"When the bud on its back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower’s coming bloom."
817,drizzile,"A clever combatant, this Pokémon battles using water balloons created with moisture secreted from its palms."
542,leavanny,It keeps its eggs warm with heat from fermenting leaves. It also uses leaves to make warm wrappings for Sewaddle.
35,clefairy,Its magical and cute appeal has many admirers.It is rare and found only in certain areas.
755,morelull,It scatters spores that flicker and glow. Anyone seeing these lights falls into a deep slumber.
565,carracosta,"this Pokémon eats every last bit of the prey it catches, even the shells and bones, to further strengthen its sturdy shell."
319,sharpedo,"It has a sad history. In the past, its dorsal fin was a treasured foodstuff, so this Pokémon became a victim of overfishing."
54,psyduck,"this Pokémon uses a mysterious power. When it does so, this Pokémon generates brain waves that are supposedly only seen in sleepers. This discovery spurred controversy among scholars."
364,sealeo,"It habitually spins things on its nose. By doing so, it learns textures and odors."
131,lapras,This gentle POKéMON loves to give people ridesand provides a ve­ ry comfortable way to get around.
100,voltorb,It was discovered when Poké Balls were introduced. It is said that there is some connection.
521,unfezant,Males have plumage on their heads. They will never let themselves feel close to anyone other than their Trainers.
330,flygon,It whips up sandstorms with powerful flaps of its wings. It is known as “The Desert Spirit.”
54,psyduck,"Always tormented by headaches. It uses psychic powers, but whether it intends to do so is not known."
309,electrike,"Friction between the air and its fur produces static electricity. When this Pokémon runs, it makes a crackling sound."
164,noctowl,"If it flips its head upside down, it’s a sign that it is engaged in very complex thinking."
501,oshawott,The scalchop on its stomach isn’t just used for battle--it can be used to break open hard berries as well.
563,cofagrigus,It has been said that they swallow those who get too close and turn them into mummies. They like to eat gold nuggets.
699,aurorus,"The diamond-shaped crystals on its body expel air as cold as -240 degrees Fahrenheit, surrounding its enemies and encasing them in ice."
360,wynaut,It tends to move in a pack with others. They cluster in a tight group to sleep in a cave.
67,machoke,"this Pokémon undertakes bodybuilding every day even as it helps people with tough, physically demanding labor.On its days off, this POKéMON heads to the fields and mountains to exercise and train."
181,ampharos,The bright light on its tail can be seen far away. It has been treasured since ancient times as a beacon.
160,feraligatr,"It is hard for it to support its weight out of water, so it sometimes gets down on all fours. But it moves fast."
453,croagunk,"Inflating its poison sacs, it fills the area with an odd sound and hits flinching opponents with a poison jab."
11,metapod,"Even though it is encased in a sturdy shell, the body inside is tender. It can’t withstand a harsh attack."
567,archeops,"They hunted in flocks. When one this Pokémon had the prey cornered, another would swoop on it."
212,scizor,It has a steel-hard body. It intimidates foes by upraising its eye-patterned pincers.
637,volcarona,"When volcanic ash darkened the atmosphere, it is said that this Pokémon’s fire provided a replacement for the sun."
243,raikou,It is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back.
371,bagon,Its well-developed neck muscles and iron-like head can smash boulders into pieces.
471,glaceon,"As a protective technique, it can completely freeze its fur to make its hairs stand like needles."
135,jolteon,"It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10,000-volt lightning bolts."
96,drowzee,"If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it’s a sure sign that a this Pokémon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils."
119,seaking,"During spawning season, this Pokémon gather from all over, causing rivers to appear a brilliant red."
56,mankey,It's unsafe to ap­ proach if it gets violently enragedfor no reason and can't distinguish friends from foes.
277,swellow,"It circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey."
549,lilligant,It’s believed that even first-rate gardeners have a hard time getting the flower on a this Pokémon’s head to bloom.
591,amoonguss,"It lures prey close by dancing and waving its arm caps, which resemble Poké Balls, in a swaying motion."
406,budew,"When it feels the sun’s warm touch, it opens its bud to release pollen. It lives alongside clear pools."
78,rapidash,"this Pokémon usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains. However, when this Pokémon turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph."
290,nincada,It can sometimes live underground for more than 10 years. It absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees.
156,quilava,Be careful if it turns its back during battle. It means that it will attack with the fire on its back.
335,zangoose,"It’s Seviper’s archrival. To threaten those it encounters, it fans out the claws on its front paws."
266,silcoon,It wraps silk around the branches of a tree. It drinks rainwater on its silk while awaiting evolution.
416,vespiquen,this Pokémon that give off more pheromones have larger swarms of Combee attendants.
37,vulpix,"As each tail grows, its fur becomes more lustrous. When held, it feels slightly warm."
270,lotad,"It searches about for clean water. If it does not drink water for too long, the leaf on its head wilts."
21,spearow,It flaps its short wings to flush out insects from tallgrass. It then plucks them with its stubby beak.
378,regice,"this Pokémon’s body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can’t be melted, even by fire. This Pokémon controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit."
462,magnezone,"Exposure to a special magnetic field changed MAGNETON’s molecular structure, turning it into this Pokémon."
293,whismur,"If it senses danger, it scares the foe by crying out with the volume of a jet-plane engine."
81,magnemite,The units at the sides of its body generate antigravity energy to keep it aloft in the air.
534,conkeldurr,"Rather than rely on force, they master moves that utilize the centrifugal force of spinning concrete."
103,exeggutor,"Its three heads think independent­ ly. However, theyare friendly and never appear to squabble."
351,castform,"It has the ability to change its form into the sun, the rain, or a snow cloud, depending on the weather."
207,gligar,"It flies straight at its target’s face, then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison."
15,beedrill,"A this Pokémon is extremely territorial. For safety reasons, no one should ever approach its nest. If angered, they will attack in a swarm."
631,heatmor,"It draws in air through its tail, transforms it into fire, and uses it like a tongue. It melts Durant and eats them."
2,ivysaur,"There is a plant bulb on its back. When it absorbs nutrients, the bulb is said to blossom into a large flower."
130,gyarados,"Once it begins to rampage, a this Pokémon will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm."
77,ponyta,this Pokémon is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This Pokémon becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to keep up with its parent.
21,spearow,"It flaps its small wings busily to fly. Using its beak, it searches in grass for prey."
824,blipbug,"Often found in gardens, this Pokémon has hairs on its body that it uses to assess its surroundings."
117,seadra,this Pokémon sleeps after wriggling itself between the branches of coral. Those trying to harvest coral are occasionally stung by this Pokémon’s poison barbs if they fail to notice it.
166,ledian,"It uses starlight as energy. When more stars appear at night, the patterns on its back grow larger."
100,voltorb,It is said to camouflage itself as a Poké Ball. It will self-destruct with very little stimulus.
232,donphan,"It attacks by curling up, then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit."
354,banette,"Strong feelings of hatred turned a puppet into a Pokémon. If it opens its mouth, its cursed energy escapes."
26,raichu,Its long tail serves as a ground to protectitself from its own high voltage power.
737,charjabug,Its digestive processes convert the leaves it eats into electricity. An electric sac in its belly stores the electricity for later use.
259,marshtomp,It is at its best when on muddy ground with poor footing. It quickly overwhelms foes struggling in mud.
206,dunsparce,"If spotted, it escapes by burrowing with its tail. It can hover just slightly using its wings."
38,ninetales,"Its nine beautiful tails are filled with a wondrous energy that could keep it alive for 1,000 years."
170,chinchou,"this Pokémon’s two antennas are filled with cells that generate strong electricity. This Pokémon’s cells create so much electrical power, it even makes itself tingle slightly."
79,slowpoke,"A sweet sap leaks from its tail’s tip. Although not nutritious, the tail is pleasant to chew on."
520,tranquill,"Many people believe that, deep in the forest where this Pokémon live, there is a peaceful place where there is no war."
478,froslass,Legends in snowy regions say that a woman who was lost on an icy mountain was reborn as this Pokémon.
342,crawdaunt,"this Pokémon molts (sheds) its shell regularly. Immediately after molting, its shell is soft and tender.Until the shell hardens, this POKéMON hides in its streambed burrow to avoid attack from its foes."
50,diglett,"It travels through tunnels that it digs underground. It hates sunlight, so it comes out only after the sun goes down."
225,delibird,"this Pokémon carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of the world’s highest mountain, thanks to one of these Pokémon sharing its food."
158,totodile,It is small but rough and tough. It won't hesitateto take a bite out of anything that moves.
579,reuniclus,"When this Pokémon shake hands, a network forms between their brains, increasing their psychic power."
31,nidoqueen,Its entire body is armored with hard scales. It will protect the young in its burrow with its life.
98,krabby,"If it senses danger approaching, it cloaks itself with bubbles from its mouth so it will look bigger."
58,growlithe,It has a brave and trustworthy nature. It fearlessly stands up to bigger and stronger foes.
199,slowking,"When its head was bitten, toxins entered SLOWPOKE'shead and unlocked an extraordinary power."
146,moltres,Known as the legendary bird of fire. Every flapof its wings creates a dazzling flash of flames.
228,houndour,It conveys its feelings using different cries. It works in a pack to cleverly take down prey.
137,porygon,this Pokémon is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace.This POKéMON is copy-protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying.
289,slaking,"The world’s laziest Pokémon. When it is lounging, it is actually saving energy for striking back."
375,metang,"When two Beldum fuse together, this Pokémon is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this Pokémon generates strong psychokinetic power."
76,golem,"It sheds its hide once a year. Its boulderlike body is so tough, even dynamite can’t harm it."
548,petilil,The leaves on its head are very bitter. Eating one of these leaves is known to refresh a tired body.
686,inkay,It draws prey near with its blinking lights and then wraps them up in its long tentacles and holds them in place.
255,torchic,It has a flame sac inside its belly that perpetually burns. It feels warm if it is hugged.
592,frillish,"If its veil-like arms stun and wrap a foe, that foe will be dragged miles below the surface, never to return."
252,treecko,this Pokémon has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls.This POKéMON attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail.
624,pawniard,"Blades comprise this Pokémon’s entire body. If battling dulls the blades, it sharpens them on stones by the river."
340,whiscash,"It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything - if it is alive, this Pokémon will eat it."
309,electrike,"Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed."
9,blastoise,The rocket cannons on its shell fire jets of water capable of punching holes through thick steel.
26,raichu,"Its tail discharges electricity into the ground, protecting it from getting shocked."
320,wailmer,"On sunny days, it lands on beaches to bounce like a ball and play. It spouts water from its nose."
609,chandelure,This Pokémon haunts dilapidated mansions. It sways its arms to hypnotize opponents with the ominous dancing of its flames.
375,metang,"When two BELDUM fuse together, a magnetic nervous system places their brains in union."
254,sceptile,this Pokémon has seeds growing on its back. They are said to be bursting with nutrients that revitalize trees.This POKéMON raises the trees in a forest with loving care.
55,golduck,"The forelegs are webbed, helping to make it an adept swimmer. It can be seen swimming elegantly in lakes, etc."
358,chimecho,It uses the sucker on its head to hang from a tree or from eaves. It can produce seven different tones.
38,ninetales,"Said to live for a thousand years, this Pokémon uses its supernatural abilities to manipulate fire. It can burn its prey to a crisp as it pleases."
14,kakuna,"Almost incapable of moving, this Pokémon can only harden its shell to protect itself when it is in danger."
420,cherubi,"The small ball is not only filled with nutrients, it is also tasty. Starly try to peck it off."
64,kadabra,"Many odd things happen if this Pokémon is close by. For example, it makes clocks run backward."
571,zoroark,Stories say those who tried to catch this Pokémon were trapped in an illusion and punished.
704,goomy,"Its source of protection is its slimy, germ-laden mucous membrane. Anyone who touches it needs some thorough hand-washing."
626,bouffalant,They charge wildly and headbutt everything. Their headbutts have enough destructive force to derail a train.
134,vaporeon,Its body’s cellular structure is similar to the molecular composition of water. It can melt invisibly in water.
41,zubat,"Disliking sunlight, it sleeps deep in forests and caves until sundown."
478,froslass,It freezes hikers who have come to climb snowy mountains and carries them back to its home. It only goes after men it thinks are handsome.
65,alakazam,"this Pokémon’s brain continually grows, infinitely multiplying brain cells. This amazing brain gives this POKéMONan astoundingly high IQ of 5,000. It has a thorough memory of everything that has occurred in the world."
158,totodile,It has the habit of biting anything with its developed jaws. Even its Trainer needs to be careful.
113,chansey,"Because the eggs on their bellies have been overharvested by people in the past, the this Pokémon population remains very small."
364,sealeo,this Pokémon has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time. This Pokémon occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a Spheal on its nose.
102,exeggcute,"Using telepathy only they can receive, theyalways form a cluster of six this Pokémon."
75,graveler,Rolls down slopes to move. It rolls over any obstacle without slowing or changing its direction.
490,manaphy,It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond with any kind of Pokémon.
94,gengar,It is said to emerge from darkness to steal the lives of those who become lost in mountains.
464,rhyperior,It can launch a rock held in its hand like a missile by tightening then expanding muscles instantly.
287,slakoth,"this Pokémon lolls around for over 20 hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This Pokémon’s sole daily meal consists of just three leaves."
380,latias,"this Pokémon is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses any hostility, this Pokémon ruffles the feathers all over its body and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe."
280,ralts,"If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly."
709,trevenant,"Through its roots, it exerts control over other trees. A deadly curse falls upon anyone cutting down trees in forests where this Pokémon dwell."
263,zigzagoon,The hair on this Pokémon’s back is bristly. It rubs the hard back hair against trees to leave its territorialmarkings. This POKéMON may play dead to fool foes in battle.
166,ledian,"When the stars flicker in the night sky, itflutters about, scattering a glowing powder."
730,primarina,"Also known as a songstress, it has a fantastical look on moonlit nights when it leads its colony in song."
97,hypno,"Seeing its swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up."
202,wobbuffet,It desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret.
498,tepig,"It loves to eat roasted berries, but sometimes it gets too excited and burns them to a crisp."
214,heracross,"It loves sweet honey. To keep all the honey to itself, it hurls rivals away with its prized horn."
355,duskull,"If it finds bad children who won’t listen to their parents, it will spirit them away—or so it’s said."
600,klang,"By changing the direction in which it rotates, it communicates its feelings to others. When angry, it rotates faster."
288,vigoroth,this Pokémon is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can’t tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This Pokémon’s stress level rises if it can’t be moving constantly.
95,onix,Burrows at high speed in search of food. The tunnels it leaves are used as homes by Diglett.
216,teddiursa,It lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique.
668,pyroar,"The temperature of its breath is over 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, but this Pokémon doesn’t use it on its prey. This Pokémon prefers to eat raw meat."
303,mawile,It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.
682,spritzee,"In the past, rather than using perfume, royal ladies carried a this Pokémon that would waft a fragrance they liked."
58,growlithe,A Pokémon with a loyal nature. It will remain motionless until it is given an order by its Trainer.
259,marshtomp,"this Pokémon is much faster at traveling through mud than it is at swimming. This POKéMON’s hindquarters exhibitobvious development, giving it the ability to walk on just its hind legs."
346,cradily,this Pokémon roams around the ocean floor in search of food. This Pokémon freely extends its tree trunk-like neck and captures unwary prey using its eight tentacles.
313,volbeat,It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves ILLUMISE’s sweet aroma.
582,vanillite,"When the morning sun hit an icicle, it wished not to melt, and thus this Pokémon was born. At night, it buries itself in snow to sleep."
5,charmeleon,"In the rocky mountains where this Pokémon live, their fiery tails shine at night like stars."
226,mantine,"On sunny days, schools of this Pokémon can be seen elegantly leaping over the waves. It is not bothered by the REMORAID that hitches rides."
424,ambipom,It is very difficult to dodge the consecutive strikes of its two tails.
66,machop,"Though small in stature, it is powerful enough to easily heft and throw a number of Geodude at once."
566,archen,"To all appearances flightless, it was able to glide down from tall treetops to snag its prey."
238,smoochum,"When it examines things, before touching them with its hands, it makes lip contact and then diligently licks all the dirt off its lips."
304,aron,"In order to build up its steel body, it eats iron ore. This pesky Pokémon is known to eat railroad tracks."
417,pachirisu,A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity.
162,furret,"this Pokémon has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, this Pokémon is very nimble and fleet."
459,snover,It lives on snowy mountains. It sinks its legs into the snow to absorb water and keep its own temperature down.
210,granbull,It can make most any POKéMON run away simply byopening its mouth wide to reveal its big fangs.
128,tauros,The climate seems to be related to the reason this Pokémon in Alola are a little calmer than those in other regions.
270,lotad,It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can’t swim.
168,ariados,"Every night, it wanders around in search of prey, whose movements it restrains by spewing threads before it bites into them with its fangs."
457,lumineon,"With its shining light, it lures its prey close. However, the light also happens to attract ferocious fish Pokémon—its natural predators."
132,ditto,It has the ability to reconstitute its entire cellular structure to transform into whatever it sees.
115,kangaskhan,You shouldn’t get close to the child when it’s playing outside its mother’s pouch. Its mother is always nearby watching over it.
368,gorebyss,The color of its body changes with the water temperature. The coloration of this Pokémon in Alola is almost blindingly vivid.
308,medicham,It gains the ability to see the aura of its opponents by honing its mind through starvation.
234,stantler,The curved antlers subtly change the flow of air tocreate a strange space where real­ ity is distorted.
32,nidoran-m,"It is small, but its horn is filled with poison. It charges then stabs with the horn to inject poison."
270,lotad,"this Pokémon is said to have dwelled on land before. However, this POKéMON is thought to have returned to waterbecause the leaf on its head grew large and heavy. It now lives by floating atop the water."
124,jynx,The this Pokémon of Galar often have beautiful and delicate voices. Some of these Pokémon have even gathered a fan base.
660,diggersby,"As powerful as an excavator, its ears can reduce dense bedrock to rubble. When it’s finished digging, it lounges lazily."
669,flabebe,"It’s not safe without the power of a flower, but it will keep traveling around until it finds one with the color and shape it wants."
105,marowak,this Pokémon is the evolved form of a Cubone that has overcome its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough. This Pokémon’s tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken.
539,sawk,"Desiring the strongest karate chop, they seclude themselves in mountains and train without sleeping."
278,wingull,"Catching sea winds with its long wings, it soars as if it were a glider. It folds its wings to rest."
322,numel,"Magma of almost 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. When it grows cold, the magma hardens and slows it."
168,ariados,this Pokémon’s feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. This Pokémon constricts the foe with thin and strong silk webbing.
625,bisharp,this Pokémon pursues prey in the company of a large group of Pawniard. Then this Pokémon finishes off the prey.
228,houndour,It conveys its feelings using different cries. It works in a pack to cleverly take down prey.
788,tapu-fini,The dense fog it creates brings the downfall and destruction of its confused enemies. Ocean currents are the source of its energy.
28,sandslash,The spikes on its body are made up of its hardened hide. It rolls up and attacks foes with its spikes.
64,kadabra,It stares at its silver spoon to focus its mind. It emits more alpha waves while doing so.
478,froslass,It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees F. What seems to be its body is actually hollow.
222,corsola,Many live in the clean seas of the south. They apparently can’t live in polluted waters.
686,inkay,"When exchanging information with others of its kind, it flashes the light-emitting spots on its body in a complex rhythm."
11,metapod,A steel-hard shell protects its tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution.
187,hoppip,"It drifts on winds. It is said that when this Pokémon gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way."
518,musharna,The dream mist coming from its forehead changes into many different colors depending on the dream that was eaten.
37,vulpix,"At the time of its birth, this Pokémon has one white tail. The tail separates into six if this POKéMON receives plenty of lovefrom its TRAINER. The six tails become magnificently curled."
482,azelf,Known as “The Being of Willpower.” It sleeps at the bottom of a lake to keep the world in balance.
287,slakoth,It spends nearly all its time in a day sprawled out. Just seeing it makes one drowsy.
235,smeargle,"It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks."
192,sunflora,"It converts sun­ light into energy. In the darknessafter sunset, it closes its petals and becomes still."
61,poliwhirl,"Its two legs are well developed. Even though it can live on the ground, it prefers living in water."
515,panpour,The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. Plants that receive its water grow large.
11,metapod,"Hardens its shell to protect itself. However, a largeimpact may cause it to pop out of its shell."
202,wobbuffet,"If two or more this Pokémon meet, they will turn competitive and try to outdo each other’s endurance. However, they may try to see which one can endure the longest without food. Trainers need to beware of this habit."
177,natu,"It picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move."
60,poliwag,"Because it is inept at walking on its newly grown legs, it always swims around in water."
779,bruxish,"Its skin is thick enough to fend off Mareanie’s spikes. With its robust teeth, this Pokémon crunches up the spikes and eats them."
44,gloom,"Smells incredibly foul! However, around one out of a thousand people enjoy sniffing its nose-bending stink."
242,blissey,"Its fluffy fur coat acts as a sensor, enabling it to read the feelings of people and Pokémon."
250,ho-oh,"Legends claim this Pokémon flies the world’s skies continuously on its magnificent, seven-colored wings."
259,marshtomp,"this Pokémon is much faster at traveling through mud than it is at swimming. This Pokémon’s hindquarters exhibit obvious development, giving it the ability to walk on just its hind legs."
552,krokorok,"The special membrane covering its eyes can sense the heat of objects, so it can see its surroundings even in darkness."
503,samurott,One swing of the sword incorporated in its armor can fell an opponent. A simple glare from one of them quiets everybody.
547,whimsicott,"They appear along with whirlwinds. They pull pranks, such as moving furniture and leaving balls of cotton in homes."
376,metagross,It boasts not only psychic powers but also fantastic strength. It grabs its prey with its four legs and holds them in place with its claws.
571,zoroark,Bonds between these Pokémon are very strong. It protects the safety of its pack by tricking its opponents.
103,exeggutor,"Legend has it that on rare occasions, one of its headswill drop off and continue on as an EXEGGCUTE."
756,shiinotic,"Its flickering spores lure in prey and put them to sleep. Once this Pokémon has its prey snoozing, it drains their vitality with its fingertips."
21,spearow,"Inept at flying high. However, it can fly aroundvery fast to protect its ter­ ritory."
468,togekiss,"As everyone knows, it visits peaceful regions, bringing them gifts of kindness and sweet blessings."
430,honchkrow,Its goons take care of most of the fighting for it. The only time it dirties its own hands is in delivering a final blow to finish off an opponent.
20,raticate,"Its whiskers help it to maintain balance. Its fangs never stop growing, so it gnaws to pare them down."
685,slurpuff,It can distinguish the faintest of scents. It puts its sensitive sense of smell to use by helping pastry chefs in their work.
590,foongus,"It lures people in with its Poké Ball pattern, then releases poison spores. Why it resembles a Poké Ball is unknown."
873,frosmoth,Icy scales fall from its wings like snow as it flies over fields and mountains. The temperature of its wings is less than −290 degrees Fahrenheit.
186,politoed,It gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make Poliwag obey.
205,forretress,It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
59,arcanine,"The sight of it running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night has captivated many people."
121,starmie,"Regardless of the environment it lives in, its bodygrows to form a symmetrical geo­ metric shape."
455,carnivine,"It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey."
195,quagsire,Its body is always slimy. It often bangs its head onthe river bottom as it swims but seems not to care.
330,flygon,It is nicknamed “The Desert Spirit” because the flapping of its wings sounds like a woman singing.
90,shellder,Grains of sand trapped in its shells mix withits body fluids to form beautiful pearls.
88,grimer,Made of hardened sludge. It smells too putrid totouch. Even weeds won't grow in its path.
178,xatu,this Pokémon is known to stand motionless while staring at the sun all day long. Some people revere it as a mysticalPOKéMON out of their belief that this Pokémon is in possession of the power to see into the future.
107,hitmonchan,"Its punches slice the air. They are launched at suchhigh speed, even a slight graze could cause a burn."
227,skarmory,"After nesting in bramble bushes, the wings of itschicks grow hard from scratches by thorns."
315,roselia,"It uses the different poisons in each hand separately when it attacks. The stronger its aroma, the healthier it is."
118,goldeen,"this Pokémon is a very beautiful POKéMON with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don’t let your guard downaround this POKéMON - it could ram you powerfully with its horn."
80,slowbro,"Whenever Shellder bites down hard on its tail, it gives this Pokémon a flash of inspiration...which it forgets a moment later."
219,magcargo,"Its body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees F. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell."
832,dubwool,Its majestic horns are meant only to impress the opposite gender. They never see use in battle.
433,chingling,"Each time it hops, it makes a ringing sound. It deafens foes by emitting high-frequency cries."
709,trevenant,"It’s feared as a ghost of the forest. Lumberjacks bring along Fire types, which this Pokémon hates, when they enter the forest."
288,vigoroth,"Its heart beats at a tenfold tempo, so it cannot sit still for even a moment."
503,samurott,"In the time it takes a foe to blink, it can draw and sheathe the seamitars attached to its front legs."
629,vullaby,this Pokémon grow quickly. Bones that have gotten too small for older this Pokémon to wear often get passed down to younger ones in the nest.
439,mime-jr,"It likes places where people gather. It mimics foes to confuse them, then makes its getaway."
294,loudred,The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
223,remoraid,"Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a Mantine’s underside to scavenge for leftovers."
643,reshiram,"When this Pokémon’s tail flares, the heat energy moves the atmosphere and changes the world’s weather."
383,groudon,It had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought KYOGRE long ago.
567,archeops,"Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, the muscles it uses to flap its wings are still weak, so it needs a long runway in order to take off."
484,palkia,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that space becomes more stable with this Pokémon’s every breath.
364,sealeo,"It habitually spins things on its nose. By doing so, it learns textures and odors."
360,wynaut,"this Pokémon can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face. Look at its tail to determine if it is angry. When angered, this Pokémon will be slapping the ground with its tail."
55,golduck,It swims along the banks of lakes and catches fish Pokémon. It takes them to the shore and quietly eats them up.
225,delibird,this Pokémon carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peakof Mt. Everest thanks to one of these POKéMON sharing its food.
331,cacnea,"By storing water in its body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water."
534,conkeldurr,"It is thought that this Pokémon taught humans how to make concrete more than 2,000 years ago."
169,crobat,The development of wings on its legs enables it to fly fast but also makes it tough to stop and rest.
68,machamp,"It uses its four powerful arms to pin the limbs of its foe, then throws the victim over the horizon."
266,silcoon,It wraps silk around the branches of a tree. It drinks rainwater on its silk while awaiting evolution.
331,cacnea,It prefers harsh environments such as deserts. It can survive for 30 days on water stored in its body.
158,totodile,"Despite the smallness of its body, this Pokémon’s jaws are very powerful. While the Pokémon may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury."
368,gorebyss,"It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason."
101,electrode,One of this Pokémon’s characteristics is its attraction to electricity. It is a problematical POKéMON thatcongregates mostly at electrical power plants to feed on electricity that has just been generated.
243,raikou,The rain clouds it carries let it fire thunderbolts at will. They say that it descended with lightning.
587,emolga,The energy made in its cheeks’ electric pouches is stored inside its membrane and released while it is gliding.
9,blastoise,The jets of water it spouts from the rocket cannons on its shell can punch through thick steel.
4,charmander,"The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when this Pokémon is enjoying itself. If the Pokémon becomes enraged, the flame burns fiercely."
246,larvitar,"Born deep under­ ground, this POKéMON becomes apupa after eating enough dirt to make a mountain."
600,klang,"When this Pokémon goes all out, the minigear links up perfectly with the outer part of the big gear, and this Pokémon’s rotation speed increases sharply."
644,zekrom,"Concealing itself in lightning clouds, it flies throughout the Unova region. It creates electricity in its tail."
605,elgyem,Rumors of its origin are linked to a UFO crash site in the desert 50 years ago.
553,krookodile,"They never allow prey to escape. Their jaws are so powerful, they can crush the body of an automobile."
553,krookodile,"They never allow prey to escape. Their jaws are so powerful, they can crush the body of an automobile."
454,toxicroak,Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile that even a scratch could prove fatal.
661,fletchling,"When it’s excited, its temperature can double, spiking hormone production in its body."
450,hippowdon,It brandishes its gaping mouth in a display of fearsome strength. It raises vast quantities of sand while attacking.
130,gyarados,"Once it begins to rampage, a this Pokémon will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm."
253,grovyle,"It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch."
828,thievul,"With a lithe body and sharp claws, it goes around stealing food and eggs. Boltund is its natural enemy."
174,igglybuff,this Pokémon has a soft and plushy body that feels very much like a marshmallow. From this body wafts a gently sweet fragrance that soothes and calms the emotions of its foes.
397,staravia,It lives in forests and fields. Squabbles over territory occur when flocks collide.
230,kingdra,It sleeps deep on the ocean floor to build its energy.It is said to cause tornadoes as it wakes.
447,riolu,It can use waves called auras to gauge how others are feeling. These same waves can also tell this Pokémon about the state of the environment.
354,banette,A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge from being junked. It seeks the child that disowned it.
362,glalie,"Its prey is instantaneously frozen stiff by the cold air it exhales from its huge mouth. While they’re in that frozen state, it gobbles them up."
2,ivysaur,"When the bulb on its back grows large, it appearsto lose the ability to stand on its hind legs."
94,gengar,A this Pokémon is close by if you feel a sudden chill. It may be trying to lay a curse on you.
216,teddiursa,"Before food becomes scarce in wintertime, its habit is to hoard food in many hidden locations."
223,remoraid,It forcefully squirts water. The water jet never misses prey even if the this Pokémon is deep in the sea.
99,kingler,"One claw grew massively and as hard as steel.It has 10,000-HP strength. However, it is too heavy."
567,archeops,It runs better than it flies. It catches prey by running at speeds comparable to those of an automobile.
298,azurill,"It swings its large, nutrient-filled tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself."
229,houndoom,"If you are burned by the flames it shoots from itsmouth, the pain will never go away."
43,oddish,It often plants its root feet in the ground during the day and sows seeds as it walks about at night.
136,flareon,"this Pokémon’s fluffy fur has a functional purpose - it releases heat into the air so that its body does not getexcessively hot. This POKéMON’s body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees F."
577,solosis,They drive away attackers by unleashing psychic power. They can use telepathy to talk with others.
4,charmander,The flame at the tip of its tail makes a sound as it burns. You can only hear it in quiet places.
434,stunky,"It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away."
164,noctowl,"When it needs to think, it rotates its head 180 de­grees to sharpen its intellectual power."
239,elekid,"It generates electricity by whirling its arms. However, it can’t store the energy it makes."
445,garchomp,It can fly at speeds rivaling jet planes. It dives into flocks of bird Pokémon and gulps the entire flock down whole.
568,trubbish,"Its favorite places are unsanitary ones. If you leave trash lying around, you could even find one of these Pokémon living in your room."
310,manectric,this Pokémon can be found beneath unnatural thunderclouds. People say it can run at the same speed as lightning striking.
320,wailmer,"While this POKéMON usually lives in the sea, it can survive on land, although not too long. It loses vitality if its body becomes dried out."
183,marill,"Its body is covered with water-repellent fur. Because of the fur, it can swim through water at high speed without being slowed by the water’s resistance."
187,hoppip,"Its body is so light, it must grip the groundfirmly with its feet to keep from being blown away."
155,cyndaquil,"It is timid, and always curls itself up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection."
349,feebas,"Although unattractive and unpopular, this Pokémon’s marvelous vitality has made it a subject of research."
230,kingdra,It is said that it usually hides in underwater caves. It can create whirlpools by yawning.
351,castform,"this Pokémon borrows the power of nature to transform itself into the guises of the sun, rain, and snow-clouds. This Pokémon’s feelings change with the weather."
158,totodile,Its well-developed jaws are powerful and capable of crushing anything. Even its TRAINER must be careful.
169,crobat,It flies so silently through the dark on its four wings that it may not be noticed even when nearby.
764,comfey,"These Pokémon smell very nice. All this Pokémon wear different flowers, so each of these Pokémon has its own individual scent."
34,nidoking,"Its steel-like hide adds to its powerful tackle. Its horns are so hard, they can pierce a diamond."
531,audino,Its auditory sense is astounding. It has a radarlike ability to understand its surroundings through slight sounds.
147,dratini,this Pokémon continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.
285,shroomish,It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
506,lillipup,"Though it is a very brave Pokémon, it’s also smart enough to check its foe’s strength and avoid battle."
232,donphan,"It attacks by curling up, then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit."
104,cubone,"When it thinks of its deceased mother, it weeps loudly. Mandibuzz that hear its cries will attack it from the air."
430,honchkrow,"Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous Murkrow in tow."
157,typhlosion,It attacks using blasts of fire. It creates heat shimmers with intense fire to hide itself.
588,karrablast,For some reason they evolve when they receive electrical energy while they are attacking Shelmet.
620,mienshao,It wields the fur on its arms like a whip. Its arm attacks come with such rapidity that they cannot even be seen.
1,bulbasaur,A strange seed was planted on its back at birth. The plant sprouts and grows with this POKéMON.
439,mime-jr,"It mimics everyone it sees, but it puts extra effort into copying the graceful dance steps of Mr. Rime as practice."
477,dusknoir,It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
49,venomoth,The powdery scales on its wings are hard to remove from skin. They also contain poison that leaks out on contact.
502,dewott,Strict training is how it learns its flowing double-scalchop technique.
110,weezing,"this Pokémon alternately shrinks and inflates its twin bodies to mix together toxic gases inside. The more the gases are mixed, the more powerful the toxins become. The Pokémon also becomes more putrid."
312,minun,Exposure to electricity from this Pokémon and Plusle promotes blood circulation and relaxes muscles.
487,giratina,It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World.
653,fennekin,"As it walks, it munches on a twig in place of a snack. It intimidates opponents by puffing hot air out of its ears."
357,tropius,"The bunches of fruit around this Pokémon’s neck are very popular with children. This Pokémon loves fruit, and eats it continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit."
449,hippopotas,It shuts its nostrils tight then travels through sand as if walking. They form colonies of around 10.
474,porygon-z,"Its program was modified to facilitate extra-dimensional activities, but that led to noticeably strange behavior."
663,talonflame,Its favorite foods are Wingull and Pikipek. It attacks with a powerful kick and grasps them firmly in its talons.
194,wooper,"this Pokémon usually live in water but come out onto land seeking food occasionally. On land, they coat their bodies with a gooey, toxic film."
210,granbull,"It is actually timid and easily spooked. If attacked, it flails about to fend off its attacker."
12,butterfree,"this Pokémon has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers.It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest."
46,paras,Burrows under the ground to gnaw on tree roots. The mushrooms on its back absorb most of the nutrition.
415,combee,"It collects and delivers honey to its colony. At night, they cluster to form a beehive and sleep."
32,nidoran-m,It scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection.
379,registeel,this Pokémon has a body that is harder than any kind of metal. Its body is apparently hollow.No one has any idea what this POKéMON eats.
115,kangaskhan,It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
18,pidgeot,"By flapping its wings with all its might, this Pokémon can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees."
344,claydol,The ancient people who made it apparently modeled it after something that descended from the sky. It fires beams from both arms.
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can’t help breaking out into a dance."
386,deoxys,DNA from a space virus mutated and became a Pokémon. It appears where auroras are seen.
890,eternatus,"It was inside a meteorite that fell 20,000 years ago. There seems to be a connection between this Pokémon and the Dynamax phenomenon."
563,cofagrigus,Grave robbers who mistake them for real coffins and get too close end up trapped inside their bodies.
117,seadra,Touching the back fin causes numbness. It hooks its tail to coral to stay in place while sleeping.
592,frillish,"They paralyze prey with poison, then drag them down to their lairs, five miles below the surface."
398,staraptor,"When Staravia evolve into this Pokémon, they leave the flock to live alone. They have sturdy wings."
41,zubat,"Their skin is so thin that they’ll be burned if sunlight hits them. When it gets cold out, they gather together to warm one another’s bodies."
188,skiploom,It blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible.
49,venomoth,"The wings are covered with dustlike scales. Every time it flaps its wings, it looses highly toxic dust."
394,prinplup,It lives a solitary life. Its wings deliver wicked blows that can snap even the thickest of trees.
10,caterpie,"For protection, it releases a horri­ ble stench fromthe antenna on its head to drive away enemies."
549,lilligant,"Essential oils made from this Pokémon flowers have a sublime scent, but they’re also staggeringly expensive."
332,cacturne,"It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day’s desert heat."
11,metapod,It prepares for evolution by har­ dening its shellas much as possi­ ble to protect its soft body.
193,yanma,Its eyes can see 360 degrees without moving its head. It won’t miss prey--even those behind it.
472,gliscor,"If it succeeds in catching even a faint breeze properly, it can circle the globe without flapping once."
779,bruxish,"It burrows beneath the sand, radiating psychic power from the protuberance on its head. It waits for prey as it surveys the area."
515,panpour,The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. It waters plants with it using its tail.
43,oddish,"During the day, it stays in the cold underground toavoid the sun. It grows by bath­ ing in moonlight."
219,magcargo,The shell on its back is just skin that has cooledand hardened. It breaks easily with a slight touch.
90,shellder,Its hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
39,jigglypuff,Nothing can avoid falling asleep hearing a this Pokémon’s song. The sound waves of its singing voice match the brain waves of someone in a deep sleep.
634,zweilous,Their two heads will fight each other over a single piece of food. this Pokémon are covered in scars even without battling others.
220,swinub,It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs.
10,caterpie,Its feet have suction cups designed to stick to any surface. It tenaciously climbs trees to forage.
417,pachirisu,It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity. It stores them with berries in tree holes.
561,sigilyph,"The guardians of an ancient city, they always fly the same route while keeping watch for invaders."
171,lanturn,The light it emits is so bright that it can illuminatethe sea's surface from a depth of over three miles.
246,larvitar,A this Pokémon is born deep under the ground. It must eat its way through the soil above and reach the surface for it to see its parents’ faces.
103,exeggutor,"It is called “The Walking Jungle.” If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an Exeggcute."
294,loudred,"When it stamps its feet and bellows, it generates ultrasonic waves that can blow apart a house."
776,turtonator,Explosive substances coat the shell on its back. Enemies that dare attack it will be blown away by an immense detonation.
48,venonat,Its eyes also function as radar units. It catchesand eats small bugs that hide in darkness.
195,quagsire,A dim-witted Pokémon. It doesn’t care if it bumps its head into boats or rocks while swimming.
671,florges,"In times long past, governors of castles would invite this Pokémon to create flower gardens to embellish the castle domains."
188,skiploom,"As soon as it rains, it closes its flower andhides in the shade of a tree to avoid getting wet."
199,slowking,"this Pokémon can solve any problem presented to it, but no one can understand a thing this Pokémon says."
366,clamperl,"When it evolves, it makes a mysterious pearl that amplifies psychic powers when it’s held."
128,tauros,"When it targets an enemy, it charges furiouslywhile whipping its body with its long tails."
22,fearow,Carrying food through this Pokémon’s territory is dangerous. It will snatch the food away from you in a flash!
24,arbok,It is rumored that the ferocious warning markingson its belly differ from area to area.
168,ariados,"It attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends."
371,bagon,"Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day."
117,seadra,"this Pokémon’s mouth is slender, but its suction power is strong. In an instant, this Pokémon can suck in food that’s larger than the opening of its mouth."
812,rillaboom,"By drumming, it taps into the power of its special tree stump. The roots of the stump follow its direction in battle."
339,barboach,"this Pokémon’s body is covered with a slimy film. If a foe grabs it, this Pokémon just slips out of the enemy’s grip. This Pokémon grows weak if the slimy coating dries up."
768,golisopod,"They live in sunken ships or in holes in the seabed. When this Pokémon and Grapploct battle, the loser becomes the winner’s meal."
194,wooper,This POKéMON lives in cold water. It will leave thewater to search for food when it gets cold outside.
475,gallade,"When trying to protect someone, it extends its elbows as if they were swords and fights savagely."
85,dodrio,"It collects data and plans three times as wisely, but it may think too much and fall into a state of immobility."
235,smeargle,"Once it becomes an adult, it has a tendency to let its comrades plant footprints on its back."
495,snivy,Being exposed to sunlight makes its movements swifter. It uses vines more adeptly than its hands.
773,silvally,The final factor needed to release this Pokémon’s true power was a strong bond with a Trainer it trusts.
317,swalot,"this Pokémon has no teeth, so what it eats, it swallows whole, no matter what. Its cavernous mouth yawns widely.An automobile tire could easily fit inside this POKéMON’s mouth."
290,nincada,"Because it lived almost entirely underground, it is nearly blind. It uses its antennae instead."
539,sawk,Tying their belts gets them pumped and makes their punches more destructive. Disturbing their training angers them.
122,mr-mime,"If interrupted while it is miming, it willslap around the offender with its broad hands."
196,espeon,"By reading air currents, it can predict thingssuch as the weath­ er or its foe's next move."
711,gourgeist,"Singing in eerie voices, they wander town streets on the night of the new moon. Anyone who hears their song is cursed."
324,torkoal,You find abandoned coal mines full of them. They dig tirelessly in search of coal.
423,gastrodon,"It has a pliable body without any bones. If any part of its body is torn off, it grows right back."
52,meowth,It is fascinated by round objects. It can’t stop playing with them until it tires and falls asleep.
578,duosion,"When their two divided brains think the same thoughts, their psychic power is maximized."
427,buneary,The reason it keeps one ear rolled up is so it can launch a swift counterattack if it’s attacked by an enemy.
527,woobat,The heart-shaped mark left on a body after a this Pokémon has been attached to it is said to bring good fortune.
376,metagross,"Metang combined to form it. With four brains, it has the intelligence of a supercomputer."
773,silvally,"Through the bond it formed with its Trainer, its will was strengthened, and it was able to destroy its control mask."
26,raichu,"Its tail discharges electricity into the ground, protecting it from getting shocked."
167,spinarak,The web spun by this Pokémon can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that this POKéMON candetermine what kind of prey is touching its web just by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web’s strands.
525,boldore,"Its orange crystals are lumps of powerful energy. They’re valuable, so this Pokémon is sometimes targeted for them."
187,hoppip,"It drifts on winds. It is said that when this Pokémon gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way."
299,nosepass,Its body emits a powerful magnetism. It feeds on prey that is pulled in by the force. Its magnetism is stronger in cold seasons.
60,poliwag,Its newly grown legs prevent it from running. Itappears to prefer swimming than trying to stand.
129,magikarp,This weak and pathetic Pokémon gets easily pushed along rivers when there are strong currents.
775,komala,"It stays asleep from the moment it’s born. When it falls into a deep sleep, it stops moving altogether."
92,gastly,"Almost invisible, this gaseous POKéMON cloaksthe target and puts it to sleep without notice."
510,liepard,This stealthy Pokémon sneaks up behind prey without making any sound at all. It competes with Thievul for territory.
115,kangaskhan,Raises its young in its belly pouch. Won't runfrom any fight to keep its young protected.
225,delibird,"It always carries its food with it, wherever it goes.If attacked, it throws its food at the opponent."
303,mawile,"A cunning and terrifying Pokémon, its cuteness makes opponents let down their guard—and then it swallows them whole with its huge jaws."
152,chikorita,A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its head. It is docile and loves to soak up the sun’s rays.
170,chinchou,It discharges positive and negative electricity from its antenna tips to shock its foes.
623,golurk,It flies across the sky at Mach speeds. Removing the seal on its chest makes its internal energy go out of control.
105,marowak,"This Pokémon overcame its sorrow to evolve a sturdy new body. this Pokémon faces its opponents bravely, using a bone as a weapon."
40,wigglytuff,"Their fur feels so good that if two of them snuggle together, they won’t want to be separated."
767,wimpod,"It will pick up anything it finds on the ground. Sometimes it finds coins, so Murkrow and Meowth will go after it."
2,ivysaur,"If the bud on its back starts to smell sweet, itis evidence that the large flower will soon bloom."
410,shieldon,It was generated from a fossil dug out of a layer of clay that was older than anyone knows. It has a sturdy face.
468,togekiss,It shares many blessings with people who respect one another’s rights and avoid needless strife.
46,paras,Growing out of the bug’s back are mushrooms called tochukaso. The mushrooms grow with the bug host.
625,bisharp,This pitiless Pokémon commands a group of Pawniard to hound prey into immobility. It then moves in to finish the prey off.
692,clauncher,"It moves around by jetting water from its right pincer. It has a poor sense of balance, so it’s terrible at swimming straight."
566,archen,"Revived from a fossil, this Pokémon is thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokémon."
321,wailord,"this Pokémon is the largest of all identified Pokémon up to now. This giant Pokémon swims languorously in the vast open sea, eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous mouth."
55,golduck,The webbed flippers on its forelegs and hind legs and the streamlined body of this Pokémon give it frightening speed. This Pokémon is definitely much faster than even the most athletic swimmer.
33,nidorino,"It has a violent disposition and stabs foes with its horn, which oozes poison upon impact."
248,tyranitar,"If it rampages, it knocks down mountains and buries rivers. Maps must be redrawn afterward."
135,jolteon,"If it is angered or startled, the fur all over its body bristles like sharp needles that pierce foes."
192,sunflora,this Pokémon converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm. It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night.
159,croconaw,"It opens its huge jaws wide when attacking. If it loses any fangs while biting, they grow back in."
434,stunky,The foul fluid from its rear is so revolting that it can make people feel queasy up to a mile and a quarter away.
27,sandshrew,Burrows deep underground in arid locationsfar from water. It only emerges to hunt for food.
137,porygon,"An artificial POKéMON created due to extensiveresearch, it can perform only what is in its program."
217,ursaring,"In its territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits."
97,hypno,"Always holding a pendulum that it swings at a steady rhythm, it causes drowsiness in anyone nearby."
283,surskit,"It lives in ponds and marshes that feature lots of plant life. It often fights with Dewpider, whose habitat and diet are similar."
59,arcanine,A legendary Pokémon in the East. Many people are charmed by the grace and beauty of its running.
341,corphish,Its hardy vitality enables it to adapt to any environment. Its pincers will never release prey.
90,shellder,"At night, this POKéMON uses its broad tongue to burrow a hole in the seafloor sand and then sleep in it.While it is sleeping, this Pokémon closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out."
380,latias,It can telepathically communicate with people. It changes its appearance using its down that refracts light.
102,exeggcute,"Often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed,they quickly gather and attack in swarms."
62,poliwrath,"With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting."
754,lurantis,"The petals on this Pokémon’s arms are thin and super sharp, and they can fire laser beams if this Pokémon gathers light first."
46,paras,"It is doused with mushroom spores when it is born. As its body grows, mushrooms sprout from its back."
509,purrloin,"Its cute act is a ruse. When victims let down their guard, they find their items taken. It attacks with sharp claws."
34,nidoking,It is recognized by its rock-hard hide and its extended horn. Be careful with the horn as it contains venom.
72,tentacool,Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook them byaccident are often punished by its stinging acid.
700,sylveon,"Once a fight breaks out, it will unflinchingly charge at dragon Pokémon that are many times larger than itself."
57,primeape,Always furious and tenacious to boot. It will not abandon chasing its quarry until it catches up.
217,ursaring,"Although it is a good climber, it prefers to snap stout trees with its forelegs and eat fallen BERRIES."
453,croagunk,"Inflating its poison sacs, it fills the area with an odd sound and hits flinching opponents with a poison jab."
609,chandelure,"In homes illuminated by this Pokémon instead of lights, funerals were a constant occurrence— or so it’s said."
24,arbok,"Transfixing prey with the face-like pattern on itsbelly, it binds and poisons the frightened victim."
421,cherrim,"If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun’s rays with its whole body."
751,dewpider,"When it comes across enemies or potential prey, this Pokémon smashes its water-bubble-covered head into them."
199,slowking,"It has incredible intellect and intuition. Whatever the situation, it remains calm and collected."
455,carnivine,It walks around on its tentacles in search of a tree branch where it can dangle down and ambush prey.
74,geodude,There are plenty of them to be found along any road. A scholar with too much free time once counted a hundred of them along a single route.
100,voltorb,It looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on touch.
567,archeops,"They are intelligent and will cooperate to catch prey. From the ground, they use a running start to take flight."
582,vanillite,The temperature of their breath is -58 degrees Fahrenheit. They create snow crystals and make snow fall in the areas around them.
456,finneon,"When night falls, their pink patterns begin to shine. They’re popular with divers, so there are resorts that feed them to keep them close."
604,eelektross,"It latches on to prey with its sucker mouth, sinking in its fangs and shocking the prey with powerful electricity."
707,klefki,"It never lets go of a key that it likes, so people give it the keys to vaults and safes as a way to prevent crime."
49,venomoth,"When it attacks, it flaps its large wings violently toscatter its poi­ sonous powder all around."
230,kingdra,It sleeps deep on the ocean floor to build its energy. It is said to cause tornadoes as it wakes.
89,muk,A toxic fluid seeps from its body. The fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact.
335,zangoose,It has feuded with Seviper for many generations. Its sharp claws are its biggest weapons.
153,bayleef,"The scent of spices comes from around its neck. Somehow, sniffing it makes you want to fight."
226,mantine,"While elegantly swimming in the sea, it ignores REMORAID that cling to its fins seeking food scraps."
146,moltres,One of the legendary bird POKéMON. Those seeing it are overwhelmed by its orange wings that seem to be on fire.
106,hitmonlee,The legs freely contract and stretch. The stretchy legs allow it to hit a distant foe with a rising kick.
314,illumise,"With its sweet aroma, it guides VOLBEAT to draw signs with light in the night sky."
97,hypno,"Seeing its swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up."
312,minun,"this Pokémon loves to cheer on its partner in battle. It gives off sparks from its body while it is doing so. If its partner is in trouble, this Pokémon gives off increasing amounts of sparks."
233,porygon2,"Further research enhanced its abilities. Sometimes, it may exhibit motions that were not programmed."
165,ledyba,this Pokémon secretes an aromatic fluid from where its legs join its body. This fluid is used for communicating with others.This POKéMON conveys its feelings to others by altering the fluid’s scent.
205,forretress,"this Pokémon conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell. The shell is opened when the POKéMON is catching prey,but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell’s inside cannot be seen."
262,mightyena,It will always obey the commands of a skilled TRAINER. Its behavior arises from its living in packs in ancient times.
3,venusaur,"By spreading the broad petals of its flower and catching the sun’s rays, it fills its body with power."
359,absol,"The elderly call it the disaster Pokémon and detest it, but interest in its power to predict disasters is on the rise."
328,trapinch,It lives in arid deserts. It makes a sloping pit trap in sand where it patiently awaits prey.
671,florges,"It claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory, and it obtains power from basking in the energy emitted by flowering plants."
448,lucario,It can tell what people are thinking. Only Trainers who have justice in their hearts can earn this Pokémon’s trust.
76,golem,"When this Pokémon grow old, they stop shedding their shells. Those that have lived a long, long time have shells green with moss."
60,poliwag,"In rivers with fast-flowing water, this Pokémon will cling to a rock by using its thick lips, which act like a suction cup."
228,houndour,this Pokémon communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This POKéMON’s remarkable teamwork is simply unparalleled.
4,charmander,"From the time it is born, a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if the flame were to go out."
382,kyogre,"this Pokémon has appeared in mythology as the creator of the sea. After long years of feuding with GROUDON, it took to sleep at the bottom of the sea."
134,vaporeon,"Blending in with the water and erasing all signs of its presence, it patiently waits for its prey, fish Pokémon."
504,patrat,"Using food stored in cheek pouches, they can keep watch for days. They use their tails to communicate with others."
172,pichu,"Despite its small size, it can zap even adult humans.However, if it does so, it also surprises itself."
408,cranidos,this Pokémon toughen up their already rock-hard heads by headbutting one another.
107,hitmonchan,Punches in corkscrew fashion. It can punch its way through a concrete wall like a drill.
412,burmy,"If its cloak is broken in battle, it quickly remakes the cloak with materials nearby."
38,ninetales,"Its nine beautiful tails are filled with a wondrousenergy that could keep it alive for 1,000 years."
79,slowpoke,"Although slow, it is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten."
188,skiploom,"this Pokémon’s flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. How much the flower opens depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pokémon is sometimes used as a thermometer."
64,kadabra,It stares at its silver spoon to focus its mind. It emits more alpha waves while doing so.
179,mareep,"It stores lots of air in its soft fur, allowing it to stay cool in summer and warm in winter."
285,shroomish,It prefers damp places. By day it remains still in the forest shade. It releases toxic powder from its head.
436,bronzor,There are researchers who believe this Pokémon reflected like a mirror in the distant past.
646,kyurem,This legendary ice Pokémon waits for a hero to fill in the missing parts of its body with truth or ideals.
738,vikavolt,"If it carries a Charjabug to use as a spare battery, a flying this Pokémon can rapidly fire high-powered beams of electricity."
93,haunter,It likes to lurk in the dark and tap shoulders with a gaseous hand. Its touch causes endless shuddering.
368,gorebyss,"It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason."
304,aron,"When it evolves, it sheds the steel carapace that covered its whole body and develops a new one."
135,jolteon,"If agitated, it uses electricity to straighten out its fur and launch it in small bunches."
113,chansey,"It seems that other Pokémon’s efforts to take its delicious, nutritious egg away from it caused this Pokémon to get faster at fleeing."
50,diglett,"It burrows through the ground at a shallow depth. It leaves raised earth in its wake, making it easy to spot."
43,oddish,"During the day, it keeps its face buried in theground. At night, it wanders around sowing its seeds."
474,porygon-z,"this Pokémon had a program installed to allow it to move between dimensions, but the program also caused instability in this Pokémon’s behavior."
143,snorlax,"When its belly is full, it becomes too lethargic to even lift a finger, so it is safe to bounce on its belly."
148,dragonair,"This Pokémon gathers power in the orbs on its tail and controls the weather. When enshrouded by an aura, this Pokémon has a mystical appearance."
211,qwilfish,It shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer.
105,marowak,this Pokémon is the evolved form of a CUBONE that has overcome its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough.This POKéMON’s tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken.
83,farfetchd,It can’t live without the stalk it holds. That’s why it defends the stalk from attackers with its life.
207,gligar,"It flies straight at its target’s face, then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison."
767,wimpod,"Its habitat varies from beaches to seabeds. A natural scavenger, it will gleefully chow down on anything edible, no matter how rotten."
16,pidgey,"this Pokémon has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable of unerringly returning home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings."
565,carracosta,This Pokémon emerges from the water in search of prey despite the fact that it moves more slowly on land.
122,mr-mime,It shapes an invisible wall in midair by minutely vibrating its fingertips to stop molecules in the air.
78,rapidash,"Just loves to run. If it sees something faster than itself, it will give chase at top speed."
74,geodude,Many live on mountain trails and remain half buried while keeping an eye on climbers.
64,kadabra,It stares at its silver spoon to focus its mind. It emits more alpha waves while doing so.
40,wigglytuff,"Its fine fur feels so pleasant, those who accidentally touch it cannot take their hands away."
295,exploud,It emits a variety of sounds from the holes all over its body. Its loud cries can be heard from over six miles away.
258,mudkip,Its power can crush boulders. It rests by covering itself with mud at the bottom of a river.
227,skarmory,"Its body is draped in steel armor. It looks heavy, but it can fly at speeds of up to 185 miles an hour!"
59,arcanine,Its proud and regal appearance has captured the hearts of people since long ago.
463,lickilicky,It uses its tongue much more skillfully than its hands or its feet. It can deftly pick up a single small bean with its tongue.
416,vespiquen,It skillfully commands its grubs in battles with its enemies. The grubs are willing to risk their lives to defend this Pokémon.
602,tynamo,"One alone can emit only a trickle of electricity, so a group of them gathers to unleash a powerful electric shock."
638,cobalion,"This Pokémon appears in a legend alongside Terrakion and Virizion, fighting against humans in defense of the Unova region’s Pokémon."
446,munchlax,"It wolfs down its weight in food once a day, swallowing food whole with almost no chewing."
180,flaaffy,Its fluffy fleece easily stores electricity. Its rubbery hide keeps it from being electrocuted.
147,dratini,It is born large to start with. It repeatedly sheds its skin as it steadily grows longer.
85,dodrio,"Uses its three brains to execute complex plans.While two heads sleep, one head stays awake."
246,larvitar,"A Pokémon that eats soil. Once it has eaten a large mountain, it goes to sleep so it can grow."
83,farfetchd,"If it eats the plant stalk it carries as emergency rations, it runs off in search of a new stalk."
173,cleffa,"Because of its unusual, star-like silhouette, peoplebelieve that it came here on a meteor."
96,drowzee,"If you think that you had a good dream but you can’t remember it, a this Pokémon has probably eaten it."
297,hariyama,It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
509,purrloin,It steals things from people just to amuse itself with their frustration. A rivalry exists between this Pokémon and Nickit.
55,golduck,"It is said that the red part of its forehead grants supernatural powers to those who possess one, so it was over-hunted in the past."
172,pichu,"When this Pokémon plays with others, it may short out electricity with another this Pokémon, creating a shower of sparks. In that event, this Pokémon will begin crying, startled by the flash of sparks."
74,geodude,"At rest, it looks just like a rock. Carelessly stepping on it will make it swing its fists angrily."
59,arcanine,Its proud and regal appearance has captured the hearts of people since long ago.
662,fletchinder,"From its beak, it fires embers at its prey. Once it has caught them, it grills them at high heat before feasting upon them."
724,decidueye,"In a tenth of a second, it can nock and fire an arrow quill, piercing an opponent’s weak point before they notice what’s happening."
371,bagon,"Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day."
782,jangmo-o,It expresses its feelings by smacking its scales. Metallic sounds echo through the tall mountains where this Pokémon lives.
212,scizor,this Pokémon has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This Pokémon flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
365,walrein,"this Pokémon swims all over in frigid seawater while crushing icebergs with its grand, imposing tusks. Its thick layer of blubber makes enemy attacks bounce off harmlessly."
136,flareon,"When storing thermal energy in its body, itstemperature could soar to over 1600 degrees."
165,ledyba,"When the weather turns cold, lots of this Pokémon gather from everywhere to cluster and keep each other warm."
479,rotom,Its electric-like body can enter some kinds of machines and take control in order to make mischief.
236,tyrogue,"this Pokémon becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every day. When raising this POKéMON, the TRAINERmust establish and uphold various training methods."
630,mandibuzz,"Watching from the sky, they swoop to strike weakened Pokémon on the ground. They decorate themselves with bones."
142,aerodactyl,"A ferocious, prehistoric POKéMON that goes for the enemy’s throat with its serrated, sawlike fangs."
618,stunfisk,"Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt even if stepped on by sumo wrestlers. It smiles when transmitting electricity."
232,donphan,"this Pokémon’s favorite attack is curling its body into a ball, then charging at its foe while rolling at high speed. Once it starts rolling, this Pokémon can’t stop very easily."
93,haunter,"Its tongue is made of gas. If licked, its victim starts shaking constantly until death eventually comes."
84,doduo,The brains in its two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power.
106,hitmonlee,Its legs can stretch double. First-time foes are startled by its extensible reach.
507,herdier,"This very loyal Pokémon helps Trainers, and it also takes care of other Pokémon."
344,claydol,An ancient clay figurine that came to life as a Pokémon from exposure to a mysterious ray of light.
167,spinarak,It spins a web using fine--but durable-- thread. It then waits patiently for prey to be trapped.
111,rhyhorn,Its massive bones are 1000 times harder than humanbones. It can easily knock a trailer flying.
570,zorua,"This Pokémon has a cowardly disposition, so when it’s not around friends, it basically always stays transformed as something else."
745,lycanroc,The sharp rocks in its mane can cut like knives. this Pokémon wears its prey down by degrees before finishing them off.
97,hypno,There are some this Pokémon that assist doctors with patients who can’t sleep at night in hospitals.
28,sandslash,"It curls up, then rolls into foes with its back. Its sharp spines inflict severe damage."
185,sudowoodo,"If a tree branch shakes when there is no wind, it’s a this Pokémon, not a tree. It hides from the rain."
173,cleffa,"Because of its unusual, starlike silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor."
180,flaaffy,"If its coat becomes fully charged with electricity, its tail lights up. It fires hair that zaps on impact."
221,piloswine,"If it charges at an enemy, the hairs on its back stand up straight. It is very sensitive to sound."
451,skorupi,It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes.
171,lanturn,"Should you peer into the ocean at night and see a light shining like the stars, that is this Pokémon."
591,amoonguss,"They show off their Poké Ball caps to lure prey, but very few Pokémon are fooled by this."
114,tangela,"Many writhing vines cover it, so its true identity remains unknown. The blue vines grow its whole life long."
564,tirtouga,"About 100 million years ago, these Pokémon swam in oceans. It is thought they also went on land to attack prey."
61,poliwhirl,"The skin on most of its body is moist. However,the skin on its belly spiral feels smooth."
222,corsola,"In Alola, where their natural enemies Mareanie are plentiful, many this Pokémon have stubby branches on their heads."
100,voltorb,It looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on touch.
838,carkol,"By rapidly rolling its legs, it can travel at over 18 mph. The temperature of the flames it breathes exceeds 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit."
636,larvesta,The base of volcanoes is where they make their homes. They shoot fire from their five horns to repel attacking enemies.
13,weedle,"Often found in forests, eating leaves.It has a sharp venomous stinger on its head."
156,quilava,this Pokémon keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and gusts of superheated air.This POKéMON applies its outstanding nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foe with flames.
177,natu,"It picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move."
113,chansey,"this Pokémon lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis. The eggs are so delicious, they are easily and eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite."
2,ivysaur,Exposure to sunlight adds to its strength. Sunlight also makes the bud on its back grow larger.
28,sandslash,"It uses its claws to climb trees and then curls its body into a spiny ball, ready to drop onto any prey that appears."
119,seaking,this Pokémon is very protective of its eggs. The male and female will take turns patrolling around their nest and eggs. The guarding of eggs by these Pokémon goes on for over a month.
274,nuzleaf,They live in holes bored in large trees. The sound of this Pokémon’s grass flute fills listeners with dread.
35,clefairy,"Though rarely seen, it becomes easier to spot,for some reason, on the night of a full moon."
117,seadra,Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional medicine ingredients.
892,urshifu,This form of this Pokémon is a strong believer in the one-hit KO. Its strategy is to leap in close to foes and land a devastating blow with a hardened fist.
277,swellow,"this Pokémon flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This Pokémon dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by this Pokémon’s clawed feet, preventing escape."
304,aron,"This Pokémon has a body of steel. To make its body, this Pokémon feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. Occasionally, it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails."
261,poochyena,"It chases its prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it turns tail if the prey strikes back."
281,kirlia,"If its Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about."
893,zarude,"Once the vines on this Pokémon’s body tear off, they become nutrients in the soil. This helps the plants of the forest grow."
221,piloswine,"If it charges at an enemy, the hairs on its back stand up straight. It is very sensitive to sound."
259,marshtomp,"Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep."
93,haunter,It likes to lurk in the dark and tap shoulders with a gaseous hand. Its touch causes endless shuddering.
32,nidoran-m,"Its large ears are always kept upright. If it senses danger, it will attack with a poisonous sting."
55,golduck,"Its long, slim limbs end in broad flippers. They are used for swimming gracefully in lakes."
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
221,piloswine,this Pokémon is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold.This POKéMON uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
73,tentacruel,"In battle, it extends all 80 of its tentacles toentrap its oppo­ nent inside a poisonous net."
62,poliwrath,"Its percentage of body fat is nearly zero. Its body is entirely muscle, which makes it heavy and forces its swimming prowess to develop."
544,whirlipede,"It is usually motionless, but when attacked, it rotates at high speed and then crashes into its opponent."
177,natu,It runs up short trees that grow on the savanna to peck at new shoots. A this Pokémon’s eyes look as if they are always observing something.
165,ledyba,this Pokémon secretes an aromatic fluid from where its legs join its body. This fluid is used for communicating with others. This Pokémon conveys its feelings to others by altering the fluid’s scent.
242,blissey,"It has a very com­ passionate nature. If it sees a sickPOKéMON, it will nurse the sufferer back to health."
310,manectric,It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
360,wynaut,"this Pokémon can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face. Look at its tail to determine if it is angry.When angered, this POKéMON will be slapping the ground with its tail."
419,floatzel,It is a common sight around fishing ports. It is known to rescue people and carry off prey.
28,sandslash,"this Pokémon’s body is covered by tough spikes, which are hardened sections of its hide. Once a year, the old spikes fallout, to be replaced with new spikes that grow out from beneath the old ones."
240,magby,"This Pokémon makes its home near volcanoes. At the end of the day, this Pokémon soaks in magma, resting and recovering from the day’s fatigue."
305,lairon,It loves iron ore. Groups of them fight for territory by bashing one another with their steel bodies.
520,tranquill,"It can fly moderately quickly. No matter how far it travels, it can always find its way back to its master and its nest."
409,rampardos,"Its skull withstands impacts of any magnitude. As a result, its brain never gets the chance to grow."
330,flygon,This Pokémon hides in the heart of sandstorms it creates and seldom appears where people can see it.
81,magnemite,"The faster the units at its sides rotate, the greater the magnetic force they generate."
245,suicune,"Said to be the embodiment of north winds, it can instantly purify filthy, murky water."
141,kabutops,It was able to swim quickly thro­ ugh the water bycompactly folding up its razor-sharp sickles.
73,tentacruel,"The tentacles are normally kept short. On hunts, they are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey."
188,skiploom,It spreads its petals to absorb sunlight. It also floats in the air to get closer to the sun.
99,kingler,"Its oversized claw is very powerful, but when it’s not in battle, the claw just gets in the way."
353,shuppet,It uses its horn to feed on envy and malice-- or so it’s said. It’s very active at night.
818,inteleon,"It has many hidden capabilities, such as fingertips that can shoot water and a membrane on its back that it can use to glide through the air."
130,gyarados,"A tale is told of a town that angered this Pokémon. Before the sun rose the next day, flames utterly consumed the town, leaving not a trace behind."
614,beartic,"It swims through frigid seas, searching for prey. From its frozen breath, it forms icy fangs that are harder than steel."
172,pichu,It is not yet skilled at storing electricity. It may send out a jolt if amused or startled.
432,purugly,"To make itself appear intimidatingly beefy, it tightly cinches its waist with its twin tails."
366,clamperl,this Pokémon’s pearls are exceedingly precious. They can be more than 10 times as costly as Shellder’s pearls.
378,regice,"It is said to have slept in a glacier for thousands of years. Its body can’t be melted, even by magma."
351,castform,"It has the ability to change its form into the sun, the rain, or a snow cloud, depending on the weather."
102,exeggcute,"This Pokémon consists of six eggs that form a closely knit cluster. The six eggs attract each other and spin around. When cracks increasingly appear on the eggs, this Pokémon is close to evolution."
120,staryu,"At night, the cen­ ter of its body slowly flickerswith the same rhythm as a human heartbeat."
111,rhyhorn,"Strong, but not too bright, this POKéMON can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging TACKLES."
715,noivern,They fly around on moonless nights and attack careless prey. Nothing can beat them in a battle in the dark.
319,sharpedo,"Nicknamed “the bully of the sea,” this Pokémon is widely feared. Its cruel fangs grow back immediatelyif they snap off. Just one of these POKéMON can thoroughly tear apart a supertanker."
355,duskull,"Making itself invisible, it silently sneaks up to prey. It has the ability to slip through thick walls."
95,onix,"Opening its large mouth, it ingests massive amounts of soil and creates long tunnels."
75,graveler,"Rocks are this Pokémon’s favorite food. This POKéMON will climb a mountain from the base to the summit, crunchinglyfeasting on rocks all the while. Upon reaching the peak, it rolls back down to the bottom."
410,shieldon,"It is outstandingly armored. As a result, it can eat grass and berries without having to fight."
273,seedot,"When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon."
626,bouffalant,"Their fluffy fur absorbs damage, even if they strike foes with a fierce headbutt."
106,hitmonlee,It is also called the Kick Master. It uses itselastic legs to execute every known kick.
476,probopass,"The main body controls three mobile units called Mini-Noses, which it maneuvers to catch prey."
655,delphox,"It gazes into the flame at the tip of its branch to achieve a focused state, which allows it to see into the future."
144,articuno,"It’s said that this Pokémon’s beautiful blue wings are made of ice. this Pokémon flies over snowy mountains, its long tail fluttering along behind it."
804,naganadel,It stores hundreds of liters of poisonous liquid inside its body. It is one of the organisms known as UBs.
71,victreebel,"this Pokémon has a long vine that extends from its head. This vine is waved and flicked about as if it were an animal to attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this Pokémon swallows it whole."
599,klink,The two minigears that mesh together are predetermined. Each will rebound from other minigears without meshing.
450,hippowdon,It is surprisingly quick to anger. It holds its mouth agape as a display of its strength.
133,eevee,this Pokémon has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokémon to evolve.
467,magmortar,"They dwell in volcanic craters. According to what is known, a single pair of male and female this Pokémon lives in one volcano."
103,exeggutor,Its cries are very noisy. This is because each ofthe 3 heads thinks about whatever it likes.
646,kyurem,"It generates a powerful, freezing energy inside itself, but its body became frozen when the energy leaked out."
361,snorunt,It is said that several this Pokémon gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony.
111,rhyhorn,"Its powerful tackles can destroy anything. However, it is too slow witted to help people work."
80,slowbro,"Naturally dull to begin with, it lost its ability to feel pain due to SHELLDER’s seeping poison."
337,lunatone,It was discovered at the site of a meteor strike 40 years ago. Its stare can lull its foes to sleep.
462,magnezone,"Sometimes the magnetism emitted by this Pokémon is too strong, making them attract each other so they cannot move."
16,pidgey,"It usually hides in tall grass. Because it dislikes fighting, it protects itself by kicking up sand."
551,sandile,"It moves along below the sand’s surface, except for its nose and eyes. A dark membrane shields its eyes from the sun."
232,donphan,"this Pokémon’s favorite attack is curling its body into a ball, then charging at its foe while rolling at high speed.Once it starts rolling, this POKéMON can’t stop very easily."
616,shelmet,"When it and Karrablast are together, and both receive electrical stimulation, they both evolve."
241,miltank,"Its milk is packed with nutrition, making it the ultimate beverage for the sick or weary."
727,incineroar,"It excels at violent, no-holds-barred battles. The temperature of the flames that issue from its navel exceeds 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit."
42,golbat,"Its thick fangs are hollow like straws, making them unexpectedly fragile. These fangs are specialized for sucking blood."
299,nosepass,"If two of these meet, they cannot get too close because their noses repel each other."
88,grimer,"Born from polluted sludge in the sea, this Pokémon’s favorite food is anything filthy. They feed on wastewater pumped out from factories."
110,weezing,"When it inhales poisonous gases from garbage, itsbody expands, and its insides smell much worse."
290,nincada,"It grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes."
411,bastiodon,"When attacked, they form a wall. Their rock-hard faces serve to protect them from the attacks."
306,aggron,You can tell its age by the length of its iron horns. It claims an entire mountain as its territory.
273,seedot,"this Pokémon attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree whilehanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this POKéMON’s body becomes."
91,cloyster,"this Pokémon that live in seas with harsh tidal currents grow large, sharp spikes on their shells."
138,omanyte,"this Pokémon is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell."
274,nuzleaf,this Pokémon live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people.This POKéMON dislikes having its long nose pinched.
243,raikou,It is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back.
76,golem,It is capable of blowing itself up. It uses this explosive force to jump from mountain to mountain.
86,seel,It has always been supposed that this Pokémon live only in cold seas. Their having shown up in Alola is a mystery.
331,cacnea,It prefers harsh environments such as deserts. It can survive for 30 days on water stored in its body.
508,stoutland,this Pokémon is immensely proud of its impressive moustache. It’s said that moustache length is what determines social standing among this species.
375,metang,"When two Beldum fuse together, this Pokémon is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. This Pokémon turns its arms to the rear for traveling at high speed."
123,scyther,The sharp scythes on its forearms become increasingly sharp by cutting through hard objects.
14,kakuna,"this Pokémon remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as itprepares for its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell becomes to the touch."
368,gorebyss,"It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason."
437,bronzong,"In ages past, this Pokémon was revered as a bringer of rain. It was found buried in the ground."
229,houndoom,"In a this Pokémon pack, the one with its horns raked sharply towards the back serves a leadership role.These POKéMON choose their leader by fighting amongst themselves."
264,linoone,"It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails."
47,parasect,"It stays mostly in dark, damp places, the preference not of the bug, but of the big mushroom on its back."
108,lickitung,"Instead of hands, it uses its tongue, which is twice its height. Its sticky saliva grips anything."
69,bellsprout,"Even though its body is extremely skinny, it isblindingly fast when catching its prey."
18,pidgeot,"This POKéMON has gorgeous, glossy feathers. Many TRAINERS are so captivated by the beautiful feathers on its head that they choose this Pokémon as their POKéMON."
370,luvdisc,It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
28,sandslash,"this Pokémon can roll up its body as if it were a ball covered with large spikes. In battle, this POKéMON will try to makethe foe flinch by jabbing it with its spines. It then leaps at the stunned foe to tear wildly with its sharp claws."
433,chingling,"There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound."
181,ampharos,It gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used its light to send signals back and forth with others far away.
461,weavile,"They live in cold regions, forming groups of four or five that hunt prey with impressive coordination."
109,koffing,"In hot places, its internal gases could expand and explode without any warning. Be very careful!"
197,umbreon,"With its black fur, it blends into the darkness. It bides its time, and when prey appears, this Pokémon goes for its throat, and then eats it."
174,igglybuff,this Pokémon has a soft and plushy body that feels very much like a marshmallow. From this body wafts a gently sweetfragrance that soothes and calms the emotions of its foes.
160,feraligatr,"It is hard for it to support its own weight out ofwater, so it gets down on all fours. But it moves fast."
345,lileep,It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
880,dracozolt,"In ancient times, it was unbeatable thanks to its powerful lower body, but it went extinct anyway after it depleted all its plant-based food sources."
248,tyranitar,"If it rampages, it knocks down mountains and buries rivers. Maps must be redrawn afterward."
270,lotad,Its leaf grew too large for it to live on land. That is how it began to live floating in the water.
356,dusclops,"this Pokémon absorbs anything, however large the object may be. This Pokémon hypnotizes its foe by waving its hands in a macabre manner and by bringing its single eye to bear. The hypnotized foe is made to do this Pokémon’s bidding."
65,alakazam,"Its superb memory lets it recall everything it has experienced from birth. Its IQ exceeds 5,000."
163,hoothoot,"It cries out at the same time every day. A long time ago, people cherished it and considered it a divine messenger sent to tell the time."
663,talonflame,"this Pokémon mainly preys upon other bird Pokémon. To intimidate opponents, it sends embers spewing from gaps between its feathers."
254,sceptile,The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
117,seadra,Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional-medicine ingredients.
72,tentacool,It can sometimes be found all dry and shriveled up on a beach. Toss it back into the sea to revive it.
492,shaymin,The flowers all over its body burst into bloom if it is lovingly hugged and senses gratitude.
377,regirock,"Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself."
26,raichu,Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high-voltage power.
302,sableye,It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
274,nuzleaf,The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
306,aggron,It claims a large mountain as its sole territory. It mercilessly thrashes those that violate its space.
200,misdreavus,"What gives meaning to its life is surprising others. If you set your ear against the red orbs around its neck, you can hear shrieking."
302,sableye,this Pokémon digs the ground with sharpened claws to find rocks that it eats. Substances in the eaten rockscrystallize and rise up to the POKéMON’s body surface.
660,diggersby,The fur on its belly retains heat exceptionally well. People used to make heavy winter clothing from fur shed by this Pokémon.
150,mewtwo,"this Pokémon is a POKéMON that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientificpower of humans created this POKéMON’s body, they failed to endow this Pokémon with a compassionate heart."
116,horsea,"If it senses any danger, it will vigorously spray water or a special type of ink from its mouth."
183,marill,"this Pokémon’s oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water’s surface,it’s a sure indication that this POKéMON is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants."
151,mew,"Its DNA is said to contain the genetic codes of all Pokémon, so it can use all kinds of techniques."
96,drowzee,It remembers every dream it eats. It rarely eats the dreams of adults because children’s are much tastier.
235,smeargle,"this Pokémon marks the boundaries of its territory using a body fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. Over 5,000 different marks left by this Pokémon have been found."
222,corsola,Many live in the clean seas of the south. They apparently can’t live in polluted waters.
628,braviary,"With its brave disposition, it fears nothing—not even death. Ancient Alolan people respected it, referring to it as “the hero of the sky.”"
307,meditite,this Pokémon heightens its inner energy through meditation. It survives on just one berry a day.Minimal eating is another aspect of this POKéMON’s training.
161,sentret,It has a very nervous nature. It stands up high on its tail so it can scan wide areas.
210,granbull,"It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs."
233,porygon2,this Pokémon was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made Pokémon has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
197,umbreon,"When exposed to the moon’s aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it gains a mysterious power."
62,poliwrath,"It’s quite a gifted swimmer, even among Water-type Pokémon, but it normally spends its time on land."
350,milotic,Its lovely scales are described as rainbow colored. They change color depending on the viewing angle.
380,latias,Its body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
546,cottonee,"Pillows and beds stuffed with cotton exhaled by this Pokémon are soft and puffy, light and airy— altogether top quality."
401,kricketot,"Its legs are short. Whenever it stumbles, its stiff antennae clack with a xylophone-like sound."
253,grovyle,"This POKéMON adeptly flies from branch to branch in trees. In a forest, no POKéMON can ever hopeto catch a fleeing this Pokémon however fast they may be."
173,cleffa,"On nights with many shooting stars, this Pokémon can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance through the night and stop only at the break of day, when these Pokémon quench their thirst with the morning dew."
745,lycanroc,"With swift movements, this Pokémon gradually backs its prey into a corner. this Pokémon’s fangs are always aimed toward opponents’ weak spots."
171,lanturn,"this Pokémon is known to emit light. If you peer down into the dark sea from a ship at night, you can sometimes see this Pokémon’s light rising from the depths where it swims. It gives the sea an appearance of a starlit night."
348,armaldo,It went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor.
102,exeggcute,"Often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed,they quickly gather and attack in swarms."
1,bulbasaur,"this Pokémon can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun’s rays, the seed grows progressively larger."
685,slurpuff,"Its sense of smell is 100 million times better than a human’s, so even the faintest scent tells it about everything in the area. It’s like it can see with its nose!"
119,seaking,"In autumn, its body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate. It takes on beautiful colors."
429,mismagius,"It chants incantations. While they usually torment targets, some chants bring happiness."
300,skitty,"this Pokémon is known to chase around playfully after its own tail. In the wild, this Pokémon lives in holes in the trees of forests. It is very popular as a pet because of its adorable looks."
330,flygon,It whips up sandstorms with powerful flaps of its wings. It is known as “The Desert Spirit.”
45,vileplume,"It has the world’s largest petals. With every step, the petals shake out heavy clouds of toxic pollen."
306,aggron,"this Pokémon is surprisingly protective of its environment. If its mountain is ravaged by a landslide or a fire, thisPOKéMON will haul topsoil to the area, plant trees, and beautifully restore its own territory."
286,breloom,Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
118,goldeen,"Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroomdress, giving it the nickname of the Water Queen."
28,sandslash,"It curls up, then rolls into foes with its back. Its sharp spines inflict severe damage."
561,sigilyph,Psychic power allows these Pokémon to fly. Some say they were the guardians of an ancient city. Others say they were the guardians’ emissaries.
555,darmanitan,"This Pokémon’s power level rises along with the temperature of its fire, which can reach 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit."
273,seedot,"When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon."
111,rhyhorn,It is inept at turning because of its four short legs. It can only charge and run in one direction.
411,bastiodon,Any frontal attack is repulsed. It is a docile Pokémon that feeds on grass and berries.
85,dodrio,"When DODUO evolves into this odd breed, one of its heads splits into two. It runs at nearly 40 mph."
147,dratini,this Pokémon continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energywithin its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.
429,mismagius,Its cries sound like incantations to torment the foe. It appears where you least expect it.
316,gulpin,Almost all its body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows.
284,masquerain,"this Pokémon intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns of its eyespots. If that doesn’t work, it deftly makes its escape on its set of four wings."
723,dartrix,It throws sharp feathers called blade quills at enemies or prey. It seldom misses.
619,mienfoo,"In fights, they dominate with onslaughts of flowing, continuous attacks. With their sharp claws, they cut enemies."
326,grumpig,"It stores power in the black pearls on its forehead. When it uses psychic power, it performs an odd dance step. Its style of dancing became hugely popular overseas."
124,jynx,It sways its hips to a rhythm all its own. The precise movements of this Pokémon living in Alola are truly wonderful.
48,venonat,"Its big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light."
443,gible,"It skulks in caves, and when prey or an enemy passes by, it leaps out and chomps them. The force of its attack sometimes chips its teeth."
159,croconaw,"Once this Pokémon has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in."
860,morgrem,"With sly cunning, it tries to lure people into the woods. Some believe it to have the power to make crops grow."
491,darkrai,"To protect itself, it afflicts those around it with nightmares. However, it means no harm."
268,cascoon,"Encased within its tough cocoon, it endures attacks. It never forgets the appearance of its foes."
247,pupitar,"Its body is as hard as bedrock. By venting pressurized gas, it can launch itself like a rocket."
473,mamoswine,"It looks strong, and that’s exactly what it is. As the weather grows colder, its ice tusks grow longer, thicker, and more impressive."
420,cherubi,"It nimbly dashes about to avoid getting pecked by bird Pokémon that would love to make off with its small, nutrient-rich storage ball."
303,mawile,"It uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws."
442,spiritomb,Its constant mischief and misdeeds resulted in it being bound to an Odd Keystone by a mysterious spell.
350,milotic,this Pokémon is breathtakingly beautiful. Those that see it are said to forget their combative spirits.
112,rhydon,"Its rugged hide protects it from even the heat oflava. However, the hide also makes it insensitive."
564,tirtouga,This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. It swam skillfully and dove to depths beyond half a mile.
386,deoxys,DNA from a space virus mutated and became a Pokémon. It appears where auroras are seen.
420,cherubi,It evolves by sucking the energy out of the small ball where it had been storing nutrients.
222,corsola,Many live in the clean seas of the south. They apparently can’t live in polluted waters.
26,raichu,Its long tail serves as a ground to protectitself from its own high voltage power.
143,snorlax,"When its belly is full, it becomes too lethargic to even lift a finger, so it is safe to bounce on its belly."
230,kingdra,this Pokémon lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise uninhabited. It has long been believed that the yawning of this Pokémon creates spiraling ocean currents.
319,sharpedo,Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.”
342,crawdaunt,"Its pincers often fall off. Unlike with Crabrawler or Clauncher, the meat in its claws is utterly nasty and stinking."
62,poliwrath,This strong and skilled swimmer is even capable of crossing the Pacific Ocean just by kicking.
385,jirachi,It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
264,linoone,"It is exceedingly fast if it only has to run in a straight line. When it spots pond- dwelling prey underwater, it quickly leaps in and catches it with its sharp claws."
241,miltank,"If it has just had a baby, the milk it produces con­tains much more nutrition than usual."
590,foongus,It lures Pokémon with its pattern that looks just like a Poké Ball then releases poison spores.
282,gardevoir,"To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole."
204,pineco,It looks just like a this Pokémonne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
67,machoke,Its formidable body never gets tired. It helps people by doing work such as the moving of heavy goods.
605,elgyem,This Pokémon is shrouded in mystery. It’s said to have appeared from a UFO that fell from the sky about 50 years ago.
110,weezing,"this Pokémon loves the gases given off by rotted kitchen garbage. This Pokémon will find a dirty, unkempt house and make it its home. At night, when the people in the house are asleep, it will go through the trash."
421,cherrim,"If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun’s rays with its whole body."
10,caterpie,Its short feet are tipped with suction pads that enable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls.
298,azurill,Its tail bounces like a rubber ball. It flings that tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself.
71,victreebel,"Acid that has dissolved many prey becomes sweeter, making it even more effective at attracting prey."
173,cleffa,"On nights with many shooting stars, this Pokémon can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance until daybreak, when they quench their thirst with the morning dew."
449,hippopotas,This Pokémon is active during the day and passes the cold desert nights burrowed snugly into the sand.
124,jynx,"this Pokémon walks rhythmically, swaying and shaking its hips as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring,people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without giving any thought to what they are doing."
296,makuhita,"this Pokémon has a tireless spirit—it will never give up hope. It eats a lot of food, gets plenty of sleep, and it trains very rigorously. By living that way, this Pokémon packs its body with energy."
423,gastrodon,"Its search for food sometimes leads it onto land, where it leaves behind a sticky trail of slime as it passes through."
148,dragonair,this Pokémon stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter weather conditionsin its vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on its neck and tail.
699,aurorus,"Using its diamond-shaped crystals, it can instantly create a wall of ice to block an opponent’s attack."
214,heracross,"It loves sweet honey. To keep all the honey to itself, it hurls rivals away with its prized horn."
178,xatu,They say that it stays still and quiet because itis seeing both the past and future at the same time.
308,medicham,"Through daily meditation, it hones its spiritual power. It can sense what others are thinking."
431,glameow,It hides its spiteful tendency of hooking its claws into the nose of its Trainer if it isn’t fed.
218,slugma,"Its body is made of magma. If it doesn’t keep moving, its body will cool and harden."
483,dialga,It has the power to control time. It appears in Sinnoh-region myths as an ancient deity.
314,illumise,"With its sweet aroma, it guides Volbeat to draw signs with light in the night sky."
251,celebi,"This Pokémon came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as this Pokémon appears, a bright and shining future awaits us."
612,haxorus,Their sturdy tusks will stay sharp even if used to cut steel beams. These Pokémon are covered in hard armor.
283,surskit,It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
547,whimsicott,"Like the wind, it can slip through any gap, no matter how small. It leaves balls of white fluff behind."
853,grapploct,A body made up of nothing but muscle makes the grappling moves this Pokémon performs with its tentacles tremendously powerful.
377,regirock,"Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself."
348,armaldo,It lived on land and went out into the sea to hunt for prey. Its sharp claws were its greatest weapon.
573,cinccino,"this Pokémon’s body is coated in a special oil that helps it deflect attacks, such as punches."
829,gossifleur,It whirls around in the wind while singing a joyous song. This delightful display has charmed many into raising this Pokémon.
3,venusaur,The plant blooms when it is absorbing solarenergy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.
115,kangaskhan,this Pokémon protects its child by keeping it in its pouch. It has zero forgiveness for those who harm its child and will beat them down.
234,stantler,"this Pokémon’s magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this POKéMON was huntedclose to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers."
96,drowzee,"If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it’s a sure sign that one of these Pokémon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils."
191,sunkern,"It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. A year after a cold summer, their population explodes."
101,electrode,It is known to drift on winds if it is bloated to bursting with stored electricity.
253,grovyle,It leaps from tree branch to tree branch quite swiftly. It shows astounding agility.
476,probopass,"Although it can control its units known as Mini-Noses, they sometimes get lost and don’t come back."
190,aipom,"It lives atop tall trees. When leaping from branch to branch, it deftly uses its tail for balance."
371,bagon,"this Pokémon has a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this POKéMON hurls itself off cliffs.As a result of its dives, its head has grown tough and as hard as tempered steel."
282,gardevoir,"To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole."
545,scolipede,It clasps its prey with the claws on its neck until it stops moving. Then it finishes it off with deadly poison.
161,sentret,"When this Pokémon sleeps, it does so while another stands guard. The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger.When this POKéMON becomes separated from its pack, it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear."
530,excadrill,"Forming a drill with its steel claws and head, it can bore through a steel plate, no matter how thick it is."
149,dragonite,"It’s a kindhearted Pokémon. If it spots a drowning person or Pokémon, this Pokémon simply must help them."
320,wailmer,"When it sucks in a large volume of seawater, it becomes like a big, bouncy ball. It eats a ton of food daily."
74,geodude,"Most people may not notice, but a closer look should reveal that there are many this Pokémon around."
201,unown,Their shapes look like hieroglyphs on ancient tab­lets. It is said that the two are somehow related.
136,flareon,"It stores some of the air it inhales in its internalflame pouch, which heats it to over 3,000 degrees."
804,naganadel,"One kind of Ultra Beast, it fires a glowing, venomous liquid from its needles. This liquid is also immensely adhesive."
249,lugia,"It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm."
264,linoone,"It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails."
236,tyrogue,"To brush up on its fighting skills, it will challengeanyone. It has a very strong com­ petitive spirit."
120,staryu,"this Pokémon’s center section has an organ called the core that shines bright red. If you go to a beach toward theend of summer, the glowing cores of these POKéMON look like the stars in the sky."
19,rattata,"Living wherever there is food available, it ceaselessly scavenges for edibles the entire day."
246,larvitar,"this Pokémon is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this Pokémon must eat its way through the soil above. Until it does so, this Pokémon cannot see its parents."
151,mew,"A this Pokémon is said to possess the genes of all POKéMON. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people."
396,starly,"Because they are weak individually, they form groups. However, they bicker if the group grows too big."
208,steelix,"It is said that if an ONIX lives for over 100 years, its composition changes to become diamond-like."
493,arceus,"It is said to have emerged from an egg in a place where there was nothing, then shaped the world."
559,scraggy,"Proud of its sturdy skull, it suddenly headbutts everything, but its weight makes it unstable, too."
9,blastoise,It deliberately makes itself heavy so it can with­stand the recoil of the water jets it fires.
328,trapinch,this Pokémon is a patient hunter. It digs an inescapable pit in a desert and waits for its prey to come tumbling down. This Pokémon can go a whole week without access to any water.
320,wailmer,It swims along with its mouth open and swallows down seawater along with its food. It sprays excess water out of its nostrils.
606,beheeyem,"Sometimes found drifting above wheat fields, this Pokémon can control the memories of its opponents."
548,petilil,The leaves on its head are very bitter. Eating one of these leaves is known to refresh a tired body.
683,aromatisse,"It devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant, and emits scents that its enemies dislike in order to gain an edge in battle."
391,monferno,It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance.
378,regice,Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
58,growlithe,"Extremely loyal to its Trainer, it will bark at those who approach the Trainer unexpectedly and run them out of town."
856,hatenna,"If this Pokémon senses a strong emotion, it will run away as fast as it can. It prefers areas without people."
579,reuniclus,"When this Pokémon shake hands, a network forms between their brains, increasing their psychic power."
64,kadabra,"When it closes its eyes, twice as many alpha parti­cles come out of the surface of its body."
19,rattata,"Its fangs are long and very sharp. They grow continuously, so it gnaws on hard things to whittle them down."
321,wailord,Its immense size is the reason for its popularity. this Pokémon watching is a favorite sightseeing activity in various parts of the world.
581,swanna,this Pokémon start to dance at dusk. The one dancing in the middle is the leader of the flock.
571,zoroark,Each has the ability to fool a large group of people simultaneously. They protect their lair with illusory scenery.
217,ursaring,"Although it has a large body, it is quite skilled atclimbing trees. It eats and sleeps in the treetops."
187,hoppip,"It drifts on winds. It is said that when this Pokémon gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way."
403,shinx,Its forelegs have a muscle-based system of generating electricity. Its body shines if endangered.
300,skitty,this Pokémon has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around. This Pokémon is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy.
409,rampardos,"Its skull withstands impacts of any magnitude. As a result, its brain never gets the chance to grow."
623,golurk,Some say that ancient people invented this Pokémon to serve as a laborer. It follows its master’s orders faithfully.
367,huntail,"It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey."
98,krabby,"Its pincers are superb weapons. They sometimes break off during battle, but they grow back fast."
18,pidgeot,"This POKéMON flies at Mach 2 speed, seeking prey.Its large talons are feared as wicked weapons."
198,murkrow,"It is said that when chased, it lures its attacker onto dark mountain trails where the foe will get lost."
238,smoochum,"It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes."
87,dewgong,"Its streamlined body has little drag in water. The colder the temperature, the friskier it gets."
279,pelipper,this Pokémon is a flying transporter that carries small POKéMON and eggs inside its massive bill.This POKéMON builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea.
629,vullaby,"Mandibuzz gives it the bones it wears. this Pokémon’s wings are short, so it can’t fly yet, but it jumps around, dreaming of wide open skies."
334,altaria,It flies gracefully through the sky. Its melodic humming makes you feel like you’re in a dream.
445,garchomp,"When it folds up its body and extends its wings, it looks like a jet plane. It flies at sonic speed."
251,celebi,This POKéMON wan­ ders across time. Grass and treesflourish in the forests in which it has appeared.
309,electrike,"this Pokémon runs faster than the human eye can follow. The friction from running is converted into electricity,which is then stored in this POKéMON’s fur."
55,golduck,A this Pokémon is an adept swimmer. It sometimes joins competitive swimmers in training. It uses psychic powers when its forehead shimmers with light.
470,leafeon,"With cells similar to those of plants, it performs photosynthesis inside its body and creates pure air."
131,lapras,A POKéMON that has been overhunted almost to extinction. It can ferry people on its back.
573,cinccino,"The oil that seeps from its body is really smooth. For people troubled by bad skin, this oil is an effective treatment."
47,parasect,"It stays mostly in dark, damp places, the preference notof the bug, but of the big mush­ rooms on its back."
288,vigoroth,"Its heart beats at a tenfold tempo, so it cannot sit still for even a moment."
227,skarmory,"Its metal body is sturdy, but it does rust rather easily. So on rainy days, this Pokémon prefers to stay put in its nest."
127,pinsir,It grips prey with its powerful pincers and will not let go until the prey is torn in half.
437,bronzong,"One caused a news sensation when it was dug up at a construction site after a 2,000-year sleep."
333,swablu,"Since this Pokémon looks like a cumulus cloud, foes can have a hard time finding it. Apparently its wings turned white over many generations."
624,pawniard,"Ignoring their injuries, groups attack by sinking the blades that cover their bodies into their prey."
136,flareon,"It fluffs out its fur collar to cool down its bodytemperature, which can reach 1,650 degrees."
403,shinx,The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. It glows when in trouble.
455,carnivine,It binds itself to trees in marshes. It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling drool and gulps them down.
244,entei,"It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe."
513,pansear,"Very intelligent, it roasts berries before eating them. It likes to help people."
93,haunter,"this Pokémon is a dangerous Pokémon. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it. This Pokémon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away."
822,corvisquire,"Smart enough to use tools in battle, these Pokémon have been seen picking up rocks and flinging them or using ropes to wrap up enemies."
438,bonsly,It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level.
124,jynx,It speaks using a language that sounds human. Research is under way to determine what is being said.
122,mr-mime,"If interrupted while it is miming, it willslap around the offender with its broad hands."
561,sigilyph,"They never vary the route they fly, because their memories of guarding an ancient city remain steadfast."
638,cobalion,This legendary Pokémon battled against humans to protect Pokémon. Its personality is calm and composed.
50,diglett,"A Pokémon that lives underground. Because of its dark habitat, it is repelled by bright sunlight."
206,dunsparce,"When spotted, this POKéMON escapes backward by furi­ously boring into the ground with its tail."
36,clefable,Its hearing is so acute it can hear a pin drop over half a mile away. It lives on quiet mountains.
25,pikachu,It’s in its nature to store electricity. It feels stressed now and then if it’s unable to fully discharge the electricity.
198,murkrow,It hides any shiny object it finds in a secret location.this Pokémon and MEOWTH loot one another's stashes.
63,abra,"It uses various psychic powers even while it’s sleeping, so you can’t tell whether or not it’s awake."
531,audino,"It touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to tell how they are feeling."
204,pineco,"this Pokémon hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the POKéMON is disturbed whileeating by someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and explodes with no warning."
176,togetic,"To share its happiness, it flies around the world seeking kind- hearted people."
473,mamoswine,"When the temperature rose at the end of the ice age, most this Pokémon disappeared."
87,dewgong,"Its streamlined body has low resistance, and it swims around cold oceans at a speed of eight knots."
502,dewott,Scalchop techniques differ from one this Pokémon to another. It never neglects maintaining its scalchops.
100,voltorb,"It bears an uncanny and unexplained resemblance to a POKé BALL. Because it explodes at the slightest shock, even veteran TRAINERS treat it with caution."
126,magmar,"When it breathes deeply, heat waves form around its body, making it hard to see clearly."
131,lapras,A gentle soul that can understand human speech. It can ferry people across the sea on its back.
322,numel,"The magma in its body reaches 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit. Its hump gets smaller when it uses Fire-type moves."
49,venomoth,It flutters its wings to scatter dustlike scales. The scales leach toxins if they contact skin.
38,ninetales,"Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1,000-year curse."
190,aipom,It lives high among the treetops. It can use its tail as freely and cleverly as its hands.
578,duosion,"When their two divided brains think the same thoughts, their psychic power is maximized."
252,treecko,this Pokémon has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls. This Pokémon attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail.
391,monferno,It uses ceilings and walls to launch aerial attacks. Its fiery tail is but one weapon.
54,psyduck,"Always tormented by headaches. It uses psychicpowers, but it is not known if it intends to do so."
568,trubbish,The combination of garbage bags and industrial waste caused the chemical reaction that created this Pokémon.
773,silvally,"Although its name was Type: Null at first, the boy who evolved it into this form gave it the name by which it is now known."
215,sneasel,"Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it suddenly extends the claws and startles its enemy."
564,tirtouga,"Its hunting grounds encompassed a broad area, from the land to more than half a mile deep in the ocean."
119,seaking,"In autumn, its body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate. It takes on beautiful colors."
152,chikorita,It uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe.
2,ivysaur,"There is a bud on this POKéMON’s back. To support its weight, this Pokémon’s legs and trunk grow thick and strong.If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight, it’s a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon."
115,kangaskhan,"If it is safe, the young gets out of the belly pouch to play. The adult keeps a close eye on the youngster."
757,salandit,"Volcanoes or dry, craggy places are its home. It emanates a sweet-smelling poisonous gas that attracts bug Pokémon, then attacks them."
169,crobat,It flies so silently through the dark on its four wings that it may not be noticed even when nearby.
626,bouffalant,"Their fluffy fur absorbs damage, even if they strike foes with a fierce headbutt."
296,makuhita,There’s a rumor of a traditional recipe for stew that Trainers can use to raise strong this Pokémon.
630,mandibuzz,"Watching from the sky, they swoop to strike weakened Pokémon on the ground. They decorate themselves with bones."
90,shellder,"At night, it burrows a hole in the seafloor with its broad tongue to make a place to sleep. While asleep, it closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out."
741,oricorio,"This this Pokémon has drunk red nectar. If its Trainer gives the wrong order, this passionate Pokémon becomes fiercely angry."
233,porygon2,this Pokémon was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made POKéMON has been endowed withartificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
506,lillipup,"The long fur surrounding its face functions as radar, enabling it to probe the condition of its battle opponents."
510,liepard,Their beautiful form comes from the muscles they have developed. They run silently in the night.
409,rampardos,Records exist of a revived fossil that evolved into this Pokémon. It proceeded to escape and then destroy a skyscraper with a headbutt.
476,probopass,It freely controls three units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force.
11,metapod,Its shell is as hard as an iron slab. A this Pokémon does not move very much because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the shell.
96,drowzee,It remembers every dream it eats. It rarely eats thedreams of adults because children's are much tastier.
428,lopunny,"It’s notably wary and has a dislike of fighting, but at the same time, it can deliver powerful kicks with its lithe legs."
239,elekid,A weak electric current flows between its horns. Sticking a hand there shocks the unwary.
636,larvesta,"Said to have been born from the sun, it spews fire from its horns and encases itself in a cocoon of fire when it evolves."
97,hypno,"The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum in a this Pokémon’s hand lull the foe into deep this Pokémonsis. While searching for prey, it polishes the pendulum."
438,bonsly,"It discharges moisture from its eyes, making it look like it’s crying—apparently an effective way of getting enemies to let down their guard."
620,mienshao,It wields the fur on its arms like a whip. Its arm attacks come with such rapidity that they cannot even be seen.
404,luxio,Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes.
226,mantine,"It swims elegantly, mindless of REMORAID hitching on to its broad fins. It has a docile nature."
242,blissey,Biting into one of the delicious eggs that this Pokémonprovides will make everyone around smile with joy.
263,zigzagoon,It walks in zigzag fashion. It is good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
46,paras,Burrows under the ground to gnaw on tree roots. Themushrooms on its back absorb most of the nutrition.
92,gastly,"this Pokémon is largely composed of gaseous matter. When exposed to a strong wind, the gaseous body quickly dwindles away. Groups of this Pokémon cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind."
194,wooper,This Pokémon lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside.
396,starly,"Because they are weak individually, they form groups. However, they bicker if the group grows too big."
333,swablu,"For some reason, it likes to land on people’s heads softly and act like it’s a hat."
766,passimian,They form groups of roughly 20 individuals. Their mutual bond is remarkable—they will never let down a comrade.
637,volcarona,"According to legends, it was hatched from a flaming cocoon to save people and Pokémon that were suffering from the cold."
75,graveler,Mossy rocks are its favorite food. It can devour a ton a day while crunching loudly.
750,mudsdale,It remains calm and unmoving no matter the situation. It mixes dirt with the saliva in its mouth to make a special kind of mud.
148,dragonair,A this Pokémon stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter the weather around it by loosing energy from the crystals on its neck and tail.
414,mothim,It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey collected by COMBEE.
593,jellicent,They propel themselves by expelling absorbed seawater from their bodies. Their favorite food is life energy.
350,milotic,It is the world’s most beautiful Pokémon. There are many works of art featuring this Pokémon.
210,granbull,"It is actually timid and easily spooked. If at­tacked, it flails about to fend off its attacker."
424,ambipom,"In their search for comfortable trees, they get into territorial disputes with groups of Passimian. They win about half the time."
13,weedle,A this Pokémon has an extremely acute sense of smell. It distinguishes its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose).
441,chatot,"It can learn and speak human words. If they gather, they all learn the same saying."
570,zorua,"this Pokémon sometimes transforms into a person and goes into cities to search for food. When this Pokémon does this, it usually takes on the form of a child."
291,ninjask,"this Pokémon moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard. For that reason, this Pokémon was long believed to be invisible."
154,meganium,Its breath has the fantastic ability to revive dead plants and flowers.
30,nidorina,The female's horn develops slowly. Prefers physicalattacks such as clawing and biting.
10,caterpie,"For protection, it releases a horrible stench from the antennae on its head to drive away enemies."
68,machamp,"this Pokémon has the power to hurl anything aside. However, trying to do any work requiring care and dexterity causesits arms to get tangled. This POKéMON tends to leap into action before it thinks."
185,sudowoodo,"It stands along paths pretending to be a tree. If it starts raining, it seems to disappear."
423,gastrodon,It apparently had a huge shell for protection in ancient times. It lives in shallow tidal pools.
80,slowbro,The SHELLDER that latches onto SLOWPOKE’s tail is said to feed on the host’s leftover scraps.
218,slugma,"this Pokémon does not have any blood in its body. Instead, intensely hot magma circulates throughout this POKéMON’sbody, carrying essential nutrients and oxygen to its organs."
348,armaldo,It went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor.
524,roggenrola,The hexagonal-shaped hole is its ear. It has a tendency to walk in the direction the sound is coming from.
632,durant,"Individuals each play different roles in driving Heatmor, their natural predator, away from their colony."
765,oranguru,"Known for its extreme intelligence, this Pokémon will look down on inexperienced Trainers, so it’s best suited to veteran Trainers."
184,azumarill,The bubble-like pattern on its stomach helps itcamouflage itself when it's in the water.
29,nidoran-f,"While it does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from barbs can be fatal."
362,glalie,It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere. It uses this power to freeze its foes.
142,aerodactyl,this Pokémon is a Pokémon from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times.
197,umbreon,this Pokémon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon’s waves. It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.
610,axew,"They mark their territory by leaving gashes in trees with their tusks. If a tusk breaks, a new one grows in quickly."
458,mantyke,People organize tours to see this Pokémon frolic and skim the tops of waves with Remoraid.
50,diglett,"A Pokémon that lives underground. Because of its dark habitat, it is repelled by bright sunlight."
104,cubone,Wears the skull of its deceased mother. Its criesecho inside the skull and come out as a sad melody.
501,oshawott,"It fights using the scalchop on its stomach. In response to an attack, it retaliates immediately by slashing."
93,haunter,"If a this Pokémon beckons you while it is floating in darkness, don’t approach it. This POKéMON will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away."
235,smeargle,The fluid of this Pokémon’s tail secretions changes in the intensity of its hue as the Pokémon’s emotions change.
312,minun,"It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks."
103,exeggutor,Its cries are very noisy. This is because each of the three heads thinks about whatever it likes.
31,nidoqueen,Tough scales cover the sturdy body of this Pokémon. It appears that the scales grow in cycles.
376,metagross,"Metang combined to form it. With four brains, it has the intelligence of a supercomputer."
726,torracat,"At its throat, it bears a bell of fire. The bell rings brightly whenever this Pokémon spits fire."
66,machop,It likes food that’s highly nutritious because its instincts drive it to build muscle efficiently.
105,marowak,"Small and weak, this Pokémon is adept with its bone club. It has grown more vicious over the ages."
372,shelgon,"Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves."
247,pupitar,This pupa flies around wildly by venting with great force the gas pressurized inside its body.
39,jigglypuff,"When this Pokémon sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, this Pokémon cannot breathe, endangering its life."
337,lunatone,The phase of the moon apparently has some effect on its power. It’s active on the night of a full moon.
477,dusknoir,The antenna on its head captures radio waves from the world of spirits that command it to take people there.
198,murkrow,"Feared and loathed by many, it is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see it at night."
668,pyroar,"With fiery breath of more than 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, they viciously threaten any challenger. The females protect the pride’s cubs."
298,azurill,"It swings its large, nutrient-filled tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself."
683,aromatisse,The scents this Pokémon can produce range from sweet smells that bolster allies to foul smells that sap an opponent’s will to fight.
295,exploud,"this Pokémon triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this Pokémon violently inhales from the ports on its body, it’s a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow."
53,persian,"A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk."
110,weezing,"Very rarely, a sudden mutation can result in two small Koffing twins becoming conjoined as a this Pokémon."
319,sharpedo,It can swim at speeds of 75 mph by jetting seawater through its body. It is the bandit of the sea.
363,spheal,It rolls across ice floes to reach shore because its body is poorly shaped for swimming.
77,ponyta,It is a weak run­ ner immediately after birth. Itgradually becomes faster by chasing after its parents.
279,pelipper,It is a flying transporter that carries small POKéMON in its beak. It bobs on the waves to rest its wings.
830,eldegoss,"The cotton on the head of this Pokémon can be spun into a glossy, gorgeous yarn—a Galar regional specialty."
344,claydol,It is said that it originates from clay dolls made by an ancient civilization.
5,charmeleon,It lashes about with its tail to knock down its foe. It then tears up the fallen opponent with sharp claws.
385,jirachi,It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
471,glaceon,"It can control its body temperature at will. This enables it to freeze the moisture in the atmosphere, creating flurries of diamond dust."
22,fearow,Its huge and magnificent wings can keep it aloft in the sky. It can remain flying a whole day without landing.
565,carracosta,They can live both in the ocean and on land. A slap from one of them is enough to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker.
30,nidorina,"When this Pokémon are with their friends or family, they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other.This POKéMON appears to become nervous if separated from the others."
14,kakuna,"While awaiting evolution, it hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches."
641,tornadus,"this Pokémon expels massive energy from its tail, causing severe storms. Its power is great enough to blow houses away."
334,altaria,"this Pokémon dances and wheels through the sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear voice, this Pokémon makes its listeners experience dreamy wonderment."
246,larvitar,"Born deep underground, it comes aboveground and becomes a pupa once it has finished eating the surrounding soil."
132,ditto,Capable of copying an opponent’s genetic code to instantly transform itself into a duplicate of the enemy.
219,magcargo,"Its body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees F. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell."
179,mareep,"When cold weather increases static electricity, its wool doubles in size and the tip of its tail glows slightly."
680,doublade,"When Honedge evolves, it divides into two swords, which cooperate via telepathy to coordinate attacks and slash their enemies to ribbons."
271,lombre,It lives at the water’s edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water-grass by day and becomes active at night.
221,piloswine,"Although its legs are short, its rugged hooves prevent it from slipping, even on icy ground."
77,ponyta,Its legs grow strong while it chases after its parent. It runs in fields and mountains all day.
427,buneary,Its ears are always rolled up. They can be forcefully extended to shatter even a large boulder.
109,koffing,"Its thin, balloon-like body is inflated by horribly toxic gases. It reeks when it is nearby."
517,munna,"It eats the dreams of people and Pokémon. When it eats a pleasant dream, it expels pink-colored mist."
118,goldeen,"When the weather grows warm, they form groups and swim upriver. This sight serves as a poetic reminder that spring has arrived."
178,xatu,"In South America, it is said that its right eye sees the future and its left eye views the past."
411,bastiodon,"While it can guard against any sort of attack from the front, it is left without recourse when attacked from behind."
468,togekiss,It shares many blessings with people who respect one another’s rights and avoid needless strife.
479,rotom,"Research continues on this Pokémon, which could be the power source of a unique motor."
15,beedrill,Flies at high speed and attacks using its largevenomous stingers on its forelegs and tail.
181,ampharos,"The tip of its tail shines brightly. In the olden days, people sent signals using the tail’s light."
361,snorunt,It is said that several this Pokémon gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony.
370,luvdisc,It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
407,roserade,"After captivating opponents with its sweet scent, it lashes them with its thorny whips."
529,drilbur,"By spinning its body, it can dig straight through the ground at a speed of 30 mph."
159,croconaw,"If it loses a fang, a new one grows back in its place. There are always 48 fangs lining its mouth."
229,houndoom,"In a this Pokémon pack, the one with its horns raked sharply toward the back serves a leadership role. These Pokémon choose their leader by fighting among themselves."
115,kangaskhan,It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
230,kingdra,It lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves.
130,gyarados,Brutally vicious and enormously destructive. Known for totally destroying cities in ancient times.
498,tepig,"It blows fire through its nose. When it catches a cold, the fire becomes pitch-black smoke instead."
429,mismagius,Its cries sound like incantations to torment the foe. It appears where you least expect it.
455,carnivine,It binds itself to trees in marshes. It attracts prey with its sweet- smelling drool and gulps them down.
194,wooper,"When the temperature cools in the evening, they emerge from water to seek food along the shore."
54,psyduck,"Overwhelmed by enigmatic abilities, it suffers a constant headache. It sometimes uses mysterious powers."
675,pangoro,"Although it possesses a violent temperament, it won’t put up with bullying. It uses the leaf in its mouth to sense the movements of its enemies."
344,claydol,this Pokémon are said to be dolls of mud made by primitive humans and brought to life by exposure to a mysterious ray.This POKéMON moves about while levitating.
82,magneton,"this Pokémon emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to electronics and precision instruments. Because ofthis, it is said that some towns warn people to keep this POKéMON inside a POKé BALL."
585,deerling,The turning of the seasons changes the color and scent of this Pokémon’s fur. People use it to mark the seasons.
600,klang,Many companies in the Galar region choose this Pokémon as their logo. This Pokémon is considered the symbol of industrial technology.
659,bunnelby,It’s very sensitive to danger. The sound of Corviknight’s flapping will have this Pokémon digging a hole to hide underground in moments.
423,gastrodon,"When its natural enemy attacks, it oozes purple fluid and escapes."
623,golurk,It is said that this Pokémon were ordered to protect people and Pokémon by the ancient people who made them.
582,vanillite,"Theoretically, this Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. Their breath is -58° F."
455,carnivine,"Hanging from branches using its tentacles, it looks like a plant. It awaits prey, mouth wide open."
250,ho-oh,this Pokémon’s feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light. These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This Pokémon is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.
576,gothitelle,"It can see the future from the movement of the stars. When it learns its Trainer’s life span, it cries in sadness."
238,smoochum,"this Pokémon actively runs about, but also falls quite often. Whenever the chance arrives, it willlook for its reflection to make sure its face hasn’t become dirty."
29,nidoran-f,"Although small, its venomous barbs render thisPOKéMON dangerous. The female has smaller horns."
431,glameow,"When it’s happy, this Pokémon demonstrates beautiful movements of its tail, like a dancing ribbon."
90,shellder,"At night, this POKéMON uses its broad tongue to burrow a hole in the seafloor sand and then sleep in it.While it is sleeping, this Pokémon closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out."
207,gligar,"It builds its nest on a steep cliff. When it is donegliding, it hops along the ground back to its nest."
833,chewtle,"It starts off battles by attacking with its rock-hard horn, but as soon as the opponent flinches, this Pokémon bites down and never lets go."
647,keldeo,"When it is resolute, its body fills with power and it becomes swifter. Its jumps are then too fast to follow."
108,lickitung,"Whenever this Pokémon comes across something new, it will unfailingly give it a lick. It does so because it memorizesthings by texture and by taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things."
122,mr-mime,It shapes an invisible wall in midair by minutely vibrating its fingertips to stop molecules in the air.
58,growlithe,"this Pokémon has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this Pokémon won’t forget the scent, no matter what. It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things."
714,noibat,"Even a robust wrestler will become dizzy and unable to stand when exposed to its 200,000-hertz ultrasonic waves."
286,breloom,It scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores.
123,scyther,The sharp scythes on its forearms become increasingly sharp by cutting through hard objects.
246,larvitar,"It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain,it will fall asleep so it can grow."
736,grubbin,"It uses its big jaws to dig nests into the forest floor, and it loves to feed on sweet tree sap."
845,cramorant,"This hungry Pokémon swallows Arrokuda whole. Occasionally, it makes a mistake and tries to swallow a Pokémon other than its preferred prey."
551,sandile,"this Pokémon’s still not good at hunting, so it mostly eats things that have collapsed in the desert. It’s called “the cleaner of the desert.”"
114,tangela,It is shrouded by blue vines. No one has seen the face hidden behind this growth of vines.
694,helioptile,The frills on either side of its head have cells that generate electricity when exposed to sunlight.
194,wooper,"When walking on land, it covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating."
221,piloswine,"Although its legs are short, its rugged hooves prevent it from slipping, even on icy ground."
381,latios,this Pokémon has the ability to make its foe see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head.This POKéMON is intelligent and understands human speech.
342,crawdaunt,It is a ruffian that uses its pincers to pick up and toss out other Pokémon from its pond.
440,happiny,"It carries a round, egg-shaped rock in its belly pouch and gives the rock to its friends."
380,latias,Its body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
346,cradily,It lives in warm seas. Its heavy body weighs it down so it won’t get washed away in rough weather.
382,kyogre,this Pokémon is named in mythology as the POKéMON that expanded the sea by covering the land with torrential rainsand towering tidal waves. It took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with GROUDON.
211,qwilfish,"this Pokémon sucks in water, inflating itself. This Pokémon uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming somewhat challenging."
24,arbok,The pattern on its belly is for intimidation. It constricts foes while they are frozen in fear.
390,chimchar,The gas made in its belly burns from its rear end. The fire burns weakly when it feels sick.
328,trapinch,this Pokémon is a patient hunter. It digs an inescapable pit in a desert and waits for its prey to come tumbling down.This POKéMON can go a whole week without access to any water.
699,aurorus,This usually quiet and kindly Pokémon has a surface temperature of around –240 degrees Fahrenheit.
113,chansey,It lays several eggs a day. The eggs are apparently rich in nutrients and extremely delicious.
54,psyduck,"It never remembers using its odd powers, so it always tilts its head in puzzlement."
17,pidgeotto,"Very protective of its sprawling territorial area, this POKéMON will fiercely peck at any intruder."
26,raichu,"If its electric pouches run empty, it raises its tail to gather electricity from the atmosphere."
8,wartortle,"It is recognized as a symbol of longevity. If its shell has algae on it, that this Pokémon is very old."
365,walrein,"It shatters ice with its big tusks. Its thick blubber repels not only the cold, but also enemy attacks."
134,vaporeon,It has evolved to be suitable for an aquatic life. It can invisibly melt away into water.
314,illumise,"this Pokémon attracts a swarm of VOLBEAT using a sweet fragrance. Once the VOLBEAT have gathered, this POKéMONleads the lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of the night sky."
612,haxorus,They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel.
23,ekans,"Moves silently and stealthily. Eats the eggs ofbirds, such as PIDGEY and SPEAROW, whole."
410,shieldon,It was generated from a fossil dug out of a layer of clay that was older than anyone knows. It has a sturdy face.
336,seviper,"For many generations, it has feuded with ZANGOOSE. It whets its bladed tail on rocks for battle."
470,leafeon,"The younger they are, the more they smell like fresh grass. With age, their fragrance takes on the odor of fallen leaves."
500,emboar,It has mastered fast and powerful fighting moves. It grows a beard of fire.
305,lairon,"For food, it digs up iron ore. It smashes its steely body against others to fight over territory."
260,swampert,"Its arms are rock-hard. With one swing, they can batter down its foe. It makes its nest on beautiful beaches."
278,wingull,"Fishermen keep an eye out for this Pokémon in the sky, because wherever they’re circling, the ocean is sure to be teeming with fish Pokémon."
149,dragonite,this Pokémon is capable of circling the globe in just sixteen hours. It is a kindhearted POKéMON that leadslost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.
314,illumise,"With its sweet aroma, it guides Volbeat to draw signs with light in the night sky."
17,pidgeotto,"It immobilizes its prey using well- developed claws,then carries the prey more than 60 miles to its nest."
634,zweilous,The two heads do not get along. Whichever head eats more than the other gets to be the leader.
353,shuppet,"this Pokémon is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings ofvengeance, this POKéMON will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person’s home."
145,zapdos,A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. It freely controls lightning bolts.
89,muk,"This POKéMON’s favorite food is anything that is repugnantly filthy. In dirty towns where people thinknothing of throwing away litter on the streets, this Pokémon are certain to gather."
527,woobat,"While inside a cave, if you look up and see lots of heart-shaped marks lining the walls, it’s evidence that this Pokémon live there."
196,espeon,It uses the fine hair that covers its body to sense air currents and predict its enemy’s actions.
358,chimecho,Its cries echo inside its hollow body to emerge as beautiful notes for startling and repelling foes.
186,politoed,"The curled hair on this Pokémon’s head is proof of its status as a king. It is said that the longer and more curled the hair, the more respect this Pokémon earns from its peers."
449,hippopotas,It enshrouds itself with sand to protect itself from germs. It does not enjoy getting wet.
396,starly,"Because they are weak individually, they form groups. However, they bicker if the group grows too big."
60,poliwag,"Its skin is so thin, its internal organs are visible. It has trouble walking on its newly grown feet."
30,nidorina,"When this Pokémon are with their friends or family, they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other.This POKéMON appears to become nervous if separated from the others."
593,jellicent,Its body is mostly seawater. It’s said there’s a castle of ships this Pokémon have sunk on the seafloor.
557,dwebble,This Pokémon can easily melt holes in hard rocks with a liquid secreted from its mouth.
223,remoraid,It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike moving prey from more than 300 feet away.
444,gabite,"Shiny objects are its passion. It can be found in its cave, scarcely moving, its gaze fixed on the jewels it’s amassed or Carbink it has caught."
98,krabby,"Its pincers are not only powerful weapons, they are used for balance when walking sideways."
372,shelgon,"The cells within its shell transform with explosive speed, preparing it for evolution."
310,manectric,It rarely appears before people. It is said to nest where lightning has fallen.
222,corsola,They prefer unpolluted southern seas. Their coral branches lose their color and deteriorate in dirty water.
283,surskit,"If it’s in a pinch, it will secrete a sweet liquid from the tip of its head. Syrup made from gathering that liquid is tasty on bread."
419,floatzel,It is a common sight around fishing ports. It is known to rescue people and carry off prey.
388,grotle,A this Pokémon that lives in the forest is said to have its own secret springwater.
777,togedemaru,"Its capacity to produce electricity is somewhat limited, so it gets charged up by letting lightning strike it!"
647,keldeo,"When it is resolute, its body fills with power and it becomes swifter. Its jumps are then too fast to follow."
116,horsea,"It makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees."
699,aurorus,"An this Pokémon was found frozen solid within a glacier, just as it appeared long ago, which became quite a big event in the news."
331,cacnea,"The more arid and harsh the environment, the more pretty and fragrant a flower this Pokémon grows.This POKéMON battles by wildly swinging its thorny arms."
584,vanilluxe,"Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and, when angry, cause violent blizzards."
334,altaria,"On sunny days, it flies freely through the sky and blends into the clouds. It sings in a beautiful soprano."
230,kingdra,It lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves.
611,fraxure,Their tusks can shatter rocks. Territory battles between this Pokémon can be intensely violent.
161,sentret,"A very cautious POKéMON, it raises itself up using its tail to get a better view of its surroundings."
255,torchic,It has a flame sac inside its belly that perpetually burns. It feels warm if it is hugged.
425,drifloon,"The gathering of many souls gave rise to this Pokémon. During humid seasons, they seem to appear in abundance."
546,cottonee,"It shoots cotton from its body to protect itself. If it gets caught up in hurricane-strength winds, it can get sent to the other side of the Earth."
791,solgaleo,Sometimes the result of its opening an Ultra Wormhole is that energy and life-forms from other worlds are called here to this world.
261,poochyena,"It savagely threatens foes with bared fangs. It chases after fleeing targets tenaciously. It turns tail and runs, however, if the foe strikes back."
335,zangoose,It has feuded with SEVIPER for many generations. Its sharp claws are its biggest weapons.
609,chandelure,"Being consumed in this Pokémon’s flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind."
413,wormadam,Its appearance changes depending on where it evolved. The materials on hand become a part of its body.
13,weedle,"Often found in forests and grasslands. It has a sharp, toxic barb of around two inches on top of its head."
545,scolipede,It clasps its prey with the claws on its neck until it stops moving. Then it finishes it off with deadly poison.
121,starmie,this Pokémon swims through water by spinning its star-shaped body as if it were a propeller on a ship. The core at the center of this Pokémon’s body glows in seven colors.
49,venomoth,It flutters its wings to scatter dustlike scales. The scales leach toxins if they contact skin.
726,torracat,"When facing a powerful enemy, this Pokémon’s fighting spirit gets pumped up, and its fire bell blazes hotter."
395,empoleon,"If anyone were to hurt its pride, it would slash them with wings that can cleave through an ice floe."
839,coalossal,"It’s usually peaceful, but the vandalism of mines enrages it. Offenders will be incinerated with flames that reach 2,700 degrees Fahrenheit."
627,rufflet,"With its sharp claws, this Pokémon pierces its prey, and then it pecks at them. Although it also consumes berries, it’s a carnivore at heart."
212,scizor,"Once it has identified something as an enemy, it will continue beating them with its steel-hard pincers until there’s nothing left but scraps."
178,xatu,This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun’s movement all day.
462,magnezone,"A group tried to use scientific means to make this Pokémon evolve, but their efforts ended in failure."
59,arcanine,A POKéMON that is described in Chinese legends. It is said to race at an unbelievable speed.
321,wailord,"this Pokémon pursue their prey in pods. With their large mouths, they can swallow entire schools of Wishiwashi whole."
136,flareon,"It stores some of the air it inhales in its internal flame pouch, which heats it to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit."
746,wishiwashi,"They’re weak, so they move in schools. However, they can also often be seen all alone, having strayed from the school."
62,poliwrath,"With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting."
404,luxio,Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes.
601,klinklang,The three gears that compose this Pokémon spin at high speed. Its new spiked gear isn’t a living creature.
497,serperior,It can stop its opponents’ movements with just a glare. It takes in solar energy and boosts it internally.
346,cradily,"Normally, it lived on shallow sea shoals. When the tide went out, this Pokémon came up on land to search for prey."
109,koffing,"Toxic gas is held within its thin, balloon-shaped body, so it can cause massive explosions."
65,alakazam,Closing both its eyes heightens all its other senses. This enables it to use its abilities to their extremes.
309,electrike,It stores electricity in its fur. It gives off sparks from all over its body in seasons when the air is dry.
54,psyduck,"Overwhelmed by enigmatic abilities, it suffers a constant headache. It sometimes uses mysterious powers."
880,dracozolt,"The powerful muscles in its tail generate its electricity. Compared to its lower body, its upper half is entirely too small."
12,butterfree,It collects honey every day. It rubs honey onto the hairs on its legs to carry it back to its nest.
43,oddish,"During the day, it keeps its face buried in the ground. At night, it wanders around sowing its seeds."
454,toxicroak,"Swaying and dodging the attacks of its foes, it weaves its flexible body in close, then lunges out with its poisonous claws."
232,donphan,"It has sharp, hard tusks and a rugged hide. Its tackle is strong enough to knock down a house."
448,lucario,"By catching the aura emanating from others, it can read their thoughts and movements."
199,slowking,"this Pokémon undertakes research every day in an effort to solve the mysteries of the world.However, this POKéMON apparently forgets everything it has learned if the SHELLDER on its head comes off."
659,bunnelby,They use their large ears to dig burrows. They will dig the whole night through.
243,raikou,this Pokémon embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this POKéMON send shock waves shuddering through the air andshake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down.
423,gastrodon,"Long ago, its entire back was shielded with a sturdy shell. There are traces of it left in its cells."
507,herdier,"It has black, cape-like fur that is very hard and decreases the amount of damage it receives."
585,deerling,The turning of the seasons changes the color and scent of this Pokémon’s fur. People use it to mark the seasons.
201,unown,"This POKéMON is shaped like ancient text characters. Although research is ongoing, it is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various this Pokémon."
342,crawdaunt,A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. It will crash itself into any foe that approaches its nest.
200,misdreavus,"It loves to bite and yank people’s hair from behind without warning, just to see their shocked reactions."
448,lucario,"By reading the auras of all things, it can tell how others are feeling from over half a mile away."
227,skarmory,"People fashion swords from this Pokémon’s shed feathers, so this Pokémon is a popular element in heraldic designs."
533,gurdurr,"With strengthened bodies, they skillfully wield steel beams to take down buildings."
202,wobbuffet,It desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret.
843,silicobra,"As it digs, it swallows sand and stores it in its neck pouch. The pouch can hold more than 17 pounds of sand."
761,bounsweet,A delectable aroma pours from its body. They are often swallowed whole by Toucannon lured by that wafting deliciousness.
324,torkoal,It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
408,cranidos,"A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with head butts."
42,golbat,"this Pokémon loves to drink the blood of living things. It is particularly active in the pitch black of night. This Pokémon flits around in the night skies, seeking fresh blood."
340,whiscash,"It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything--if it is alive, this Pokémon will eat it."
72,tentacool,"They can be found lying dehydrated on beaches, but they are often still alive. When soaked in water, they will revive."
340,whiscash,"It is extremely protective of its territory. If any foe approaches, it attacks using vicious tremors."
785,tapu-koko,"Although it’s called a guardian deity, if a person or Pokémon puts it in a bad mood, it will become a malevolent deity and attack."
245,suicune,This POKéMON races across the land. It is said that north winds will somehow blow whenever it appears.
400,bibarel,It busily makes its nest with stacks of branches and roots it has cut up with its sharp incisors.
19,rattata,This POKéMON's impressive vital­ ity allows it tolive anywhere. It also multiplies very quickly.
412,burmy,"Even if it is born where there are no cocooning materials, it somehow always ends up with a cloak."
649,genesect,This ancient bug Pokémon was altered by Team Plasma. They upgraded the cannon on its back.
27,sandshrew,"Disliking water, it lives in deep burrows in aridareas. It can roll itself instantly into a ball."
43,oddish,"During the day, it stays in the cold underground to avoid the sun. It grows by bathing in moonlight."
161,sentret,"A very cautious POKéMON, it raises itself up usingits tail to get a better view of its surroundings."
64,kadabra,It stares at its silver spoon to focus its mind. It emits more alpha waves while doing so.
25,pikachu,"When this Pokémon meet, they’ll touch their tails together and exchange electricity through them as a form of greeting."
591,amoonguss,"This Pokémon puffs poisonous spores at its foes. If the spores aren’t washed off quickly, they’ll grow into mushrooms wherever they land."
638,cobalion,"From the moment it’s born, this Pokémon radiates the air of a leader. Its presence will calm even vicious foes."
253,grovyle,Its strongly developed thigh muscles give it astounding agility and jumping performance.
341,corphish,this Pokémon were originally foreign Pokémon that were imported as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild. This Pokémon is very hardy and has greatly increased its population.
241,miltank,"this Pokémon produces highly nutritious milk, so it’s been supporting the lives of people and other Pokémon since ancient times."
165,ledyba,"When the weather turns cold, lots of this Pokémon gatherfrom everywhere to cluster and keep each other warm."
113,chansey,"It walks carefully to prevent its egg from breaking.However, it is extremely fast at running away."
111,rhyhorn,"this Pokémon’s brain is very small. It is so dense, while on a run it forgets why it started running in the first place. It apparently remembers sometimes if it demolishes something."
295,exploud,"this Pokémon triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this POKéMON violently inhales from theports on its body, it’s a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow."
602,tynamo,"One alone can emit only a trickle of electricity, so a group of them gathers to unleash a powerful electric shock."
186,politoed,It gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make POLIWAG obey.
583,vanillish,"By drinking pure water, it grows its icy body. This Pokémon can be hard to find on days with warm, sunny weather."
374,beldum,"Instead of blood, magnetism flows through its body. When it’s feeling bad, try giving it a magnet."
167,spinarak,It sets a trap by spinning a web with thin but strong silk. It waits motionlessly for prey to arrive.
4,charmander,"The flame on its tail indicates this Pokémon’s life force. If it is healthy, the flame burns brightly."
61,poliwhirl,The spiral pattern on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it gradually causes drowsiness.
458,mantyke,"When it swims close to the surface of the ocean, people aboard ships are able to observe the pattern on its back."
81,magnemite,It is born with the ability to defy gravity. Itfloats in air on powerful electro­ magnetic waves.
764,comfey,"It stretches sticky vines out from its head and picks flowers to adorn itself with. When it doesn’t have any flowers, it feels uneasy."
166,ledian,"It uses starlight as energy. When more stars appear at night, the patterns on its back grow larger."
758,salazzle,"Filled with pheromones, its poisonous gas can be diluted to use in the production of luscious perfumes."
274,nuzleaf,A forest-dwelling POKéMON that is skilled at climbing trees. Its long and pointed nose is its weak point. It loses power if the nose is gripped.
57,primeape,"When it becomes furious, its blood circulation becomes more robust, and its muscles are made stronger. But it also becomes much less intelligent."
8,wartortle,"It is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity."
273,seedot,"When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon."
148,dragonair,"It is said to live in seas and lakes. Even though it has no wings, it has been seen flying occasionally."
700,sylveon,It sends a soothing aura from its ribbonlike feelers to calm fights.
47,parasect,A mushroom grown larger than the host’s body controls this Pokémon. It scatters poisonous spores.
12,butterfree,It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.
307,meditite,It always trains deep in mountains. It levitates when it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
105,marowak,It has been seen pounding boulders with the bone it carries in order to tap out messages to others.
28,sandslash,"It curls up, then rolls into foes with its back. Its sharp spines inflict severe damage."
9,blastoise,"It crushes its foe under its heavy body to cause fainting. In a pinch, it will withdraw inside its shell."
297,hariyama,It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
322,numel,"Its humped back stores intensely hot magma. In rain, the magma cools, slowing its movement."
37,vulpix,"Its beautiful fur and tails have made it very popular. As it grows, its tails split to form more tails."
8,wartortle,"It is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity."
457,lumineon,It crawls along the seafloor using its long front fins like legs. It competes for food with Lanturn.
283,surskit,It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
558,crustle,"It possesses legs of enormous strength, enabling it to carry heavy slabs for many days, even when crossing arid land."
150,mewtwo,"Its DNA is almost the same as Mew’s. However, its size and disposition are vastly different."
263,zigzagoon,"A POKéMON with abundant curiosity. It shows an interest in everything, so it always zigs and zags."
81,magnemite,It is hatched with the ability to defy gravity. It floats while emitting powerful electromagnetic waves.
291,ninjask,Its cry leaves a lasting headache if heard for too long. It moves so quickly that it is almost invisible.
345,lileep,It disguises its tentacles as flowers to attract and catch prey. It became extinct in ancient times.
478,froslass,It freezes prey by blowing its -58 degrees F breath. It is said to then secretly display its prey.
805,stakataka,It appeared from an Ultra Wormhole. Each one appears to be made up of many life-forms stacked one on top of each other.
31,nidoqueen,this Pokémon’s body is encased in extremely hard scales. It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles.This POKéMON is at its strongest when it is defending its young.
44,gloom,"Smells incredibly foul! However, around 1 out of1,000 people enjoy sniffing its nose- bending stink."
55,golduck,"This Pokémon lives in gently flowing rivers. It paddles through the water with its long limbs, putting its graceful swimming skills on display."
145,zapdos,this Pokémon is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. The Pokémon gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts.
376,metagross,"this Pokémon has four brains that are joined by a complex neural network. As a result of integration, this POKéMON is smarter than a supercomputer."
81,magnemite,"At times, this Pokémon runs out of electricity and ends up on the ground. If you give batteries to a grounded this Pokémon, it’ll start moving again."
690,skrelp,It vanishes into seaweed and remains perfectly still to avoid attacks from large Pokémon. Rotten seaweed is its main food source.
622,golett,"This Pokémon was created from clay. It received orders from its master many thousands of years ago, and it still follows those orders to this day."
198,murkrow,"They awaken at dusk and take wing in the twilight, leading to the expression, “Get home before the this Pokémon fly.”"
42,golbat,"Once it bites, it will not stop draining energy from the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly."
411,bastiodon,"When they lined up side by side, no foe could break through. They shielded their young in that way."
60,poliwag,The direction of the spiral on the belly differs by area. It is more adept at swimming than walking.
310,manectric,It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
295,exploud,Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
610,axew,They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat. Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong and sharp.
68,machamp,"Using its heavy muscles, it throws powerful punchesthat can send the victim clear over the horizon."
323,camerupt,"It has volcanoes on its back. If magma builds up in its body, it shudders, then erupts violently."
154,meganium,Its breath has the fantastic ability to revive dead plants and flowers.
187,hoppip,"This POKéMON drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, this Pokémon links its leaveswith other this Pokémon to prepare against being blown away."
51,dugtrio,"Despite the closeness between this Pokémon and farmers and other people, no one has ever seen the parts of it concealed underground."
121,starmie,"At the center of its body is a red core, which sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky."
85,dodrio,"An odd species that is rarely found. The three heads respectively represent joy, sadness, and anger."
591,amoonguss,this Pokémon generally doesn’t move much. It tends to stand still near Poké Balls that have been dropped on the ground.
196,espeon,"Its fur is so sensitive, it can sense minute shifts in the air and predict the weather."
104,cubone,"If it is sad or lonely, the skull it wears shakes and emits a plaintive and mournful sound."
166,ledian,The star patterns on its back grow larger or smallerdepending on the number of stars in the night sky.
45,vileplume,"Its petals are the largest in the world. As it walks, it scatters extremely allergenic pollen."
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially adapted. They concentrateeven faint light and enable it to see in the dark.
274,nuzleaf,"It lives deep in forests. With the leaf on its head, it makes a flute whose song makes listeners uneasy."
147,dratini,It is born large to start with. It repeatedly shedsits skin as it steadily grows longer.
457,lumineon,"To avoid detection by predators, it crawls along the seafloor using the two fins on its chest."
584,vanilluxe,"Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and, when angry, cause violent blizzards."
353,shuppet,"It feeds on the dark emotions of sadness and hatred, which make it grow steadily stronger."
73,tentacruel,this Pokémon has tentacles that can be freely elongated and shortened at will. It ensnares prey with its tentacles and weakens the prey by dosing it with a harsh toxin. It can catch up to 80 prey at the same time.
22,fearow,this Pokémon is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey.
761,bounsweet,It tries to resist being swallowed by a bird Pokémon by spinning the sepals on its head. It’s usually a fruitless attempt.
255,torchic,"A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees F."
295,exploud,Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
297,hariyama,this Pokémon that are big and fat aren’t necessarily strong. There are some small ones that move nimbly and use moves skillfully.
384,rayquaza,A POKéMON that flies endlessly in the ozone layer. It is said it would descend to the ground if KYOGRE and GROUDON were to fight.
640,virizion,Legends say this Pokémon confounded opponents with its swift movements.
708,phantump,"According to old tales, these Pokémon are stumps possessed by the spirits of children who died while lost in the forest."
73,tentacruel,"It has 80 tentacles that move about freely. They can sting, causing poisoning and sharp, stabbing pain."
163,hoothoot,"It marks time precisely. Some countries consider it to be a wise friend, versed in the world’s ways."
379,registeel,this Pokémon was imprisoned by people in ancient times. The metal composing its body is thoughtto be a curious substance that is not of this earth.
785,tapu-koko,It confuses its enemies by flying too quickly for the eye to follow. It has a hair-trigger temper but forgets what made it angry an instant later.
68,machamp,"It uses its four powerful arms to pin the limbs ofits foe, then throws the victim over the horizon."
725,litten,"While grooming itself, it builds up fur inside its stomach. It sets the fur alight and spews fiery attacks, which change based on how it coughs."
103,exeggutor,"If a head drops off, it emits a telepathic call in search of others to form an EXEGGCUTE cluster."
249,lugia,"this Pokémon’s wings pack devastating power—a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this Pokémon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea."
604,eelektross,"With their sucker mouths, they suck in prey. Then they use their fangs to shock the prey with electricity."
348,armaldo,"this Pokémon is a POKéMON species that became extinct in prehistoric times. This POKéMON is said to have walked onits hind legs, which would have been more convenient for life on land."
752,araquanid,"It usually passes its time in the water. When its belly is full, it stores its subdued prey in the water bubble on its head."
270,lotad,"It searches about for clean water. If it does not drink water for too long, the leaf on its head wilts."
335,zangoose,It has feuded with SEVIPER for many generations. Its sharp claws are its biggest weapons.
104,cubone,"This Pokémon wears the skull of its deceased mother. Sometimes this Pokémon’s dreams make it cry, but each tear this Pokémon sheds makes it stronger."
623,golurk,this Pokémon were created to protect people and Pokémon. They run on a mysterious energy.
111,rhyhorn,It doesn’t care if there is anything in its way. It just charges and destroys all obstacles.
425,drifloon,Its round body is stuffed with souls and expands each time it leads someone away.
633,deino,"When it encounters something, its first urge is usually to bite it. If it likes what it tastes, it will commit the associated scent to memory."
233,porygon2,It was created by humans using the power of science. It has been given artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
45,vileplume,Flaps its broad flower petals to scatter its poisonous pollen. The flapping sound is very loud.
249,lugia,It is said to be the guardian of the seas. It is rumored to have been seen on the night of a storm.
225,delibird,"It carries food all day long. When someone is lost in the mountains, it shares that food."
284,masquerain,"Its wings and antennae don’t cope well with moisture. After a rain, it faces sunward to dry off."
98,krabby,It lives in burrows dug on sandy beaches. Its pincers fully grow back if they are broken in battle.
258,mudkip,"To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders."
113,chansey,"this Pokémon lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis. The eggs are so delicious, they areeasily and eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite."
103,exeggutor,"It is called “The Walking Jungle.” If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an Exeggcute."
437,bronzong,"In ages past, this Pokémon was revered as a bringer of rain. It was found buried in the ground."
284,masquerain,Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
311,plusle,"When this Pokémon is cheering on its partner, it flashes with electric sparks from all over its body.If its partner loses, this POKéMON cries loudly."
461,weavile,It lives in snowy regions. It carves patterns in trees with its claws as a signal to others.
77,ponyta,"Its hind legs, which have hard­ er-than-diamondhooves, kick back at any presence it senses behind it."
262,mightyena,"In the wild, this Pokémon live in a pack. They never defy their leader’s orders. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork."
227,skarmory,"this Pokémon is entirely encased in hard, protective armor. This POKéMON flies at close to 190 mph.It slashes foes with its wings that possess swordlike cutting edges."
371,bagon,Its belief that it will be able to fly one day is apparently the influence of information carried in its genes.
346,cradily,"this Pokémon’s body serves as an anchor, preventing it from being washed away in rough seas.This POKéMON secretes a strong digestive fluid from its tentacles."
546,cottonee,"When it finds others of its kind, they all stick together. When enough of them have collected, the mass resembles a cumulonimbus cloud."
197,umbreon,"When exposed to the moon’s aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it’s filled with a mysterious power."
364,sealeo,It touches new things with its nose to test for smell and feel. It plays by spinning SPHEAL on its nose.
573,cinccino,Their white fur feels amazing to touch. Their fur repels dust and prevents static electricity from building up.
160,feraligatr,"It usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey."
611,fraxure,"A broken tusk will not grow back, so it diligently sharpens its tusks on river rocks after the end of a battle."
72,tentacool,"It drifts aimless­ ly in waves. Very difficult to seein water, it may not be noticed until it stings."
231,phanpy,"It swings its long snout around playfully, but because it is so strong, this can be dangerous."
824,blipbug,"A constant collector of information, this Pokémon is very smart. Very strong is what it isn’t."
271,lombre,"It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere."
88,grimer,"Born from sludge, these Pokémon now gather in polluted places and increase the bacteria in their bodies."
568,trubbish,"Wanting more garbage, they follow people who litter. They always belch poison gas."
155,cyndaquil,"It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously."
398,staraptor,"When STARAVIA evolve into this Pokémon, they leave the flock to live alone. They have sturdy wings."
387,turtwig,Photosynthesis occurs across its body under the sun. The shell on its back is actually hardened soil.
162,furret,"this Pokémon has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, this Pokémon is very nimble and fleet."
282,gardevoir,It has the power to predict the future. Its power peaks when it is protecting its Trainer.
217,ursaring,"In its territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits."
19,rattata,"Cautious in the extreme, its hardy vitality lets it live in any kind of environment."
399,bidoof,It lives in groups by the water. It chews up boulders and trees around its nest with its incisors.
622,golett,Ancient science fashioned this Pokémon from clay. It’s been active for thousands of years.
800,necrozma,"Light is the source of its energy. If it isn’t devouring light, impurities build up in it and on it, and this Pokémon darkens and stops moving."
324,torkoal,It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
38,ninetales,"It has nine long tails and fur that gleams gold. It is said to live for 1,000 years."
210,granbull,"More timid than Snubbull, this Pokémon is doted on by young people amused at the contrast between its looks and its attitude."
389,torterra,Some Pokémon are born on a this Pokémon’s back and spend their entire life there.
169,crobat,The development of wings on its legs enables it to fly fast but also makes it tough to stop and rest.
763,tsareena,A kick from the hardened tips of this Pokémon’s legs leaves a wound in the opponent’s body and soul that will never heal.
127,pinsir,"It grips prey with its pincers until the prey is torn in half. What it can’t tear, it tosses far."
241,miltank,"Its milk is delicious and chock-full of nutrients. However, if you drink too much, it could make your stomach hurt, so be careful."
39,jigglypuff,It rolls its cute eyes as it sings a soothing lullaby.Its gentle song puts anyone who hears it to sleep.
158,totodile,"Despite the smallness of its body, this Pokémon’s jaws are very powerful. While the POKéMON may think it is justplayfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury."
36,clefable,"A timid fairy Pokémon that is rarely seen, it will run and hide the moment it senses people."
208,steelix,this Pokémon lives even further underground than Onix. This Pokémon is known to dig toward the earth’s core. There are records of this Pokémon reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
1,bulbasaur,A strange seed was planted on its back at birth. The plant sprouts and grows with this Pokémon.
468,togekiss,"These Pokémon are never seen anywhere near conflict or turmoil. In recent times, they’ve hardly been seen at all."
207,gligar,"this Pokémon glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This Pokémon hangs on to the face of its foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb."
332,cacturne,Packs of them follow travelers through the desert until the travelers can no longer move.
33,nidorino,"It raises its big ears to check its surroundings. If it senses anything, it attacks immediately."
204,pineco,It looks just like a this Pokémonne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
627,rufflet,"With its powerful legs and sturdy claws, it can crack even the hard shells of Shellder and pluck out their insides."
703,carbink,"Born from the temperatures and pressures deep underground, it fires beams from the stone in its head."
59,arcanine,This legendary Chinese Pokémon is considered magnificent. Many people are enchanted by its grand mane.
150,mewtwo,A Pokémon created by recombining Mew’s genes. It’s said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon.
386,deoxys,An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon.
384,rayquaza,"this Pokémon is said to have lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth’s ozone layer, above the clouds.Its existence had been completely unknown because it lived so high in the sky."
59,arcanine,The fire burning inside its body serves as the energy to fuel it as it runs great distances. It appears in many legends.
200,misdreavus,It likes playing mischievous tricks such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night. 
20,raticate,"Its whiskers are essential for maintaining its balance. No matter how friendly you are, it will get angry and bite you if you touch its whiskers."
226,mantine,"While elegantly swimming in the sea, it ignores Remoraid that cling to its fins seeking food scraps."
657,frogadier,"It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away."
482,azelf,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the determination to do things. It was the birth of willpower."
40,wigglytuff,"Thanks to its bouncy body and fine fur, this Pokémon is sought after. Holding one in your arms while you sleep feels great."
323,camerupt,The volcanoes on its back have a major eruption every 10 years--or whenever it becomes really angry.
385,jirachi,"It’s believed that when this Pokémon wakes from its 1,000-year slumber, it will grant any wishes written on the notes attached to its head."
342,crawdaunt,"Loving to battle, this Pokémon pinches all Pokémon that enter its territory with its pincers and throws them out."
53,persian,"Many adore it for its sophisticated air. However, itwill lash out and scratch for little reason."
608,lampent,The spirits it absorbs fuel its baleful fire. It hangs around hospitals waiting for people to pass on.
486,regigigas,"It is said to have made Pokémon that look like itself from a special ice mountain, rocks, and magma."
99,kingler,"The large pincer has 10,000-horsepower crushing force. However, its huge size makes it unwieldy to use."
3,venusaur,The flower on its back catches the sun's rays.The sunlight is then absorbed and used for energy.
318,carvanha,"They’re such cowards that they won’t hunt alone. When five or so of them get together, they suddenly turn ferocious!"
569,garbodor,It clenches opponents with its left arm and finishes them off with foul-smelling poison gas belched from its mouth.
562,yamask,These Pokémon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves. Each retains memories of its former life.
150,mewtwo,A POKéMON whose genetic code was repeatedly recombined for research. It turned vicious as a result.
77,ponyta,"If you’ve been accepted by this Pokémon, its burning mane is mysteriously no longer hot to the touch."
338,solrock,"Solar energy is the source of this POKéMON’s power. On sunny days, groups of this Pokémon line up facing the sun and absorb its light."
567,archeops,"This ancient Pokémon’s plumage is delicate, so if anyone other than an experienced professional tries to restore it, they will fail."
392,infernape,It uses unique fighting moves with fire on its hands and feet. It will take on any opponent.
354,banette,A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge from being junked. It seeks the child that disowned it.
708,phantump,"According to legend, medicine to cure any illness can be made by plucking the green leaves on its head, brewing them, and boiling down the liquid."
56,mankey,An agile Pokémon that lives in trees. It angers easily and will not hesitate to attack anything.
808,meltan,"It melts particles of iron and other metals found in the subsoil, so it can absorb them into its body of molten steel."
566,archen,"Restored from a fossil, this ancient bird Pokémon has wings but can’t yet fly."
92,gastly,"Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by its gaseous body, which contains poison."
621,druddigon,"It warms its body by absorbing sunlight with its wings. When its body temperature falls, it can no longer move."
289,slaking,"Wherever this Pokémon live, rings of over a yard in diameter appear in grassy fields. They are made by the POKéMONas it eats all the grass within reach while lying prone on the ground."
656,froakie,"It protects its skin by covering its body in delicate bubbles. Beneath its happy-go-lucky air, it keeps a watchful eye on its surroundings."
273,seedot,It attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. Strong winds can sometimes make it fall.
711,gourgeist,It enwraps its prey in its hairlike arms. It sings joyfully as it observes the suffering of its prey.
276,taillow,"It dislikes cold seasons. They migrate to other lands in search of warmth, flying over 180 miles a day."
448,lucario,It has the ability to sense the auras of all things. It understands human speech.
203,girafarig,"this Pokémon’s rear head contains a tiny brain that is too small for thinking. However, the rear head doesn’t need to sleep, so it can keep watch over its surroundings 24 hours a day."
315,roselia,The beautiful flowers on its arms have toxic thorns. Don’t even think about picking those flowers.
319,sharpedo,It pursues its prey at speeds of 75 mph and finishes them off with fangs that can crush iron. It is known as the bully of the sea.
152,chikorita,It loves to bask in the sunlight. It uses the leafon its head to seek out warm places.
130,gyarados,"Once it begins to rampage, a this Pokémon will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm."
217,ursaring,"Although it is a good climber, it prefers to snap trees with its forelegs and eat fallen berries."
186,politoed,"The longer and more luxurious the curled hair on its head, the greater the number of Poliwag and Poliwhirl that will obey it."
713,avalugg,The way several Bergmite huddle on its back makes it look like an aircraft carrier made of ice.
98,krabby,"The pincers break off easily. If it loses a pincer, it somehow becomes incapable of walking sideways."
418,buizel,It inflates the flotation sac around its neck and pokes its head out of the water to see what is going on.
623,golurk,It flies across the sky at Mach speeds. Removing the seal on its chest makes its internal energy go out of control.
120,staryu,An enigmatic POKéMON that can effortlesslyregenerate any appendage it loses in battle.
702,dedenne,"Since this Pokémon can’t generate much electricity on its own, it steals electricity from outlets or other electric Pokémon."
32,nidoran-m,"Nidoran♂ has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokémon’s notice."
148,dragonair,"It is called the divine POKéMON. When its entirebody brightens slightly, the weather changes."
386,deoxys,This this Pokémon has transformed into its aggressive guise. It can fool enemies by altering its appearance.
378,regice,Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
62,poliwrath,"An adept swimmer, it knows the front crawl, butterfly, and more. It is faster than the best human swimmers."
888,zacian,This Pokémon has slumbered for many years. Some say it’s Zamazenta’s elder sister—others say the two Pokémon are rivals.
132,ditto,"When it encounters another this Pokémon, it will move faster than normal to duplicate that opponent exactly."
12,butterfree,"The wings are protected by rain-repellent dust. As a result, this Pokémon can fly about even in rain."
70,weepinbell,"Even though it is filled with acid, it does not melt because it also oozes a protective fluid."
577,solosis,They drive away attackers by unleashing psychic power. They can use telepathy to talk with others.
403,shinx,The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. It glows when in trouble.
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
270,lotad,It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can’t swim.
119,seaking,this Pokémon is very protective of its eggs. The male and female will take turns patrolling around their nest and eggs.The guarding of eggs by these POKéMON goes on for over a month.
95,onix,"As it grows, the stone portions of its body harden to become similar to black-colored diamonds."
241,miltank,"Its milk is high in calories and packed with nutrients. Therefore, if you drink too much of it, you may wind up with a body like this Pokémon’s."
274,nuzleaf,This Pokémon pulls out the leaf on its head and makes a flute with it. The sound of this Pokémon’s flute strikes fear and uncertainty in the hearts of people lost in a forest.
246,larvitar,It is born deep underground. It can’t emerge until it has entirely consumed the soil around it.
424,ambipom,"Split into two, the tails are so adept at handling and doing things, this Pokémon rarely uses its hands."
289,slaking,"It is the world’s most slothful POKéMON. However, it can exert horrifying power by releasing pent-up energy all at once."
27,sandshrew,"this Pokémon’s body is configured to absorb water without waste, enabling it to survive in an arid desert. This Pokémon curls up to protect itself from its enemies."
127,pinsir,"It grips its prey in its pincers and splits them apart. Although it is a powerful Pokémon, it can’t deal with the cold."
272,ludicolo,"The rhythm of bright, festive music activates this Pokémon’s cells, making it more powerful."
40,wigglytuff,Its fur is the ultimate in luxuriousness. Sleeping alongside a this Pokémon is simply divine. Its body expands seemingly without end when it inhales.
514,simisear,A flame burns inside its body. It scatters embers from its head and tail to sear its opponents.
85,dodrio,A peculiar POKéMON species with three heads. It vigorously races across grassy plains even in arid seasons with little rainfall.
235,smeargle,"It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks."
77,ponyta,A this Pokémon is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. Its legs become stronger as it stumbles and falls while trying to keep up with its parent.
316,gulpin,"Virtually all of this Pokémon’s body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size.This POKéMON’s stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything."
277,swellow,"It circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey."
421,cherrim,"Its folded petals are pretty tough. Bird Pokémon can peck at them all they want, and this Pokémon won’t be bothered at all."
167,spinarak,"It lies still in the same pose for days in its web, waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close."
760,bewear,It waves its hands wildly in intimidation and warning. Life is over for anyone who doesn’t run away as fast as possible.
233,porygon2,"Further research enhanced its abil­ ities. Sometimes,it may exhibit motions that were not programmed."
466,electivire,"It pushes the tips of its two tails against the foe, then lets loose with over 20,000 volts of power."
506,lillipup,The long hair around its face provides an amazing radar that lets it sense subtle changes in its surroundings.
169,crobat,It flies so silently through the dark on its four wings that it may not be noticed even when nearby.
152,chikorita,Its pleasantly aromatic leaves have the ability to check the humidity and temperature.
309,electrike,It stores electricity in its fur. It gives off sparks from all over its body in seasons when the air is dry.
57,primeape,"When this Pokémon becomes furious, its blood circulation is boosted. In turn, its muscles are made even stronger. However, it also becomes much less intelligent at the same time."
316,gulpin,"There is nothing its stomach can’t digest. While it is digesting, vile, overpowering gases are expelled."
630,mandibuzz,"It’s always searching for food for Vullaby. When it finds a weak Pokémon, this Pokémon swoops it right off to its nest."
323,camerupt,The humps on this Pokémon’s back are formed by a transformation of its bones. They sometimes blast out molten magma. This Pokémon apparently erupts often when it is enraged.
136,flareon,"It has a flame bag inside its body. After inhaling deeply, it blows out flames of nearly 3,100 degrees Fahrenheit."
233,porygon2,"AI has been installed in it. It learns various things all on its own, but it even remembers things it doesn’t need to know."
62,poliwrath,An adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breaststroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.
77,ponyta,Its hooves are ten times harder than diamond. It can trample anything completely flat in little time.
127,pinsir,"With its horns, it digs burrows to sleep in at night.In the morning, damp soil clings to its body."
335,zangoose,"If it comes across a SEVIPER, its fur bristles and it assumes its battle pose. Its sharp claws are its best weapon."
774,minior,Strong impacts can knock it out of its shell. This Pokémon was born from mutated nanoparticles.
367,huntail,"Deep seas are their habitat. According to tradition, when this Pokémon wash up onshore, something unfortunate will happen."
202,wobbuffet,"If two or more this Pokémon meet, they will turn competitive and try to outdo each other’s endurance.However, they may try to see which one can endure the longest without food. TRAINERS need to beware of this habit."
69,bellsprout,It prefers hot and humid environments. It is quick at capturing prey with its vines.
342,crawdaunt,"Its temperament is rough and it loves to fight, but as soon as its pincers break off, it turns cowardly. It stays timid until they grow back."
292,shedinja,A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit.
176,togetic,"They say that it will appear before kindhearted, caring people and shower them with happiness."
45,vileplume,"this Pokémon has the world’s largest petals. They are used to attract prey that are then doused with toxic spores.Once the prey are immobilized, this POKéMON catches and devours them."
297,hariyama,It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
159,croconaw,"Once it bites down, it won’t let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place."
133,eevee,"Its genetic code is unstable, so it could evolve ina variety of ways. There are only a few alive."
527,woobat,"It emits ultrasonic waves as it flutters about, searching for its prey—bug Pokémon."
144,articuno,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air. As a result, it is said that when this Pokémon flies, snow will fall."
375,metang,"When two BELDUM fuse together, this Pokémon is formed. The brains of the BELDUM are joined by a magnetic nervous system.By linking its brains magnetically, this POKéMON generates strong psychokinetic power."
16,pidgey,"It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back."
30,nidorina,"When this Pokémon are with their friends or family, they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other. This Pokémon appears to become nervous if separated from the others."
148,dragonair,"According to a witness, its body was surrounded by a strange aura that gave it a mystical look."
185,sudowoodo,"It disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining."
30,nidorina,"It has a docile nature. If it is threatened withattack, it raises the barbs that are all over its body."
208,steelix,"Its body has been compressed deep under the ground. As a result, it is even harder than diamond."
357,tropius,The bunches of fruit growing around the necks of this Pokémon in Alola are especially sweet compared to those in other regions.
330,flygon,It is nicknamed the Desert Spirit because the flapping of its wings sounds like a woman singing.
463,lickilicky,Their saliva contains lots of components that can dissolve anything. The numbness caused by their lick does not dissipate.
35,clefairy,"On nights with a full moon, this Pokémon gather from all over and dance. Bathing in moonlight makes them float."
248,tyranitar,"In just one of its mighty hands, it has the power to make the ground shake and mountains crumble."
329,vibrava,The ultrasonic waves it generates by rubbing its two wings together cause severe headaches.
53,persian,"Getting this prideful Pokémon to warm up to you takes a lot of effort, and it will claw at you the moment it gets annoyed."
67,machoke,This tough POKéMON always stays in the zone. Itsmuscles become thicker after every battle.
512,simisage,It attacks enemies with strikes of its thorn-covered tail. This Pokémon is wild tempered.
753,fomantis,"During the day, it sleeps and soaks up light. When night falls, it walks around looking for a safer place to sleep."
350,milotic,"It lives at the bottom of clear lakes. In times of war, it shows itself, which soothes people’s minds and hearts."
325,spoink,A POKéMON that manipulates psychic power at will. It doesn’t stop bouncing even when it is asleep. It loves eating mushrooms that grow underground.
85,dodrio,"When DODUO evolves into this odd breed, one of its heads splits into two. It runs at nearly 40 mph."
96,drowzee,"If you think that you had a good dream, but youcan't remember it, a this Pokémon has probably eaten it."
160,feraligatr,"It is hard for it to support its own weight out of water, so it gets down on all fours. But it moves fast."
82,magneton,"Generates strange radio signals. It raises the temperature by 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit within 3,300 feet."
75,graveler,"Often seen rolling down mountain trails. Obstacles are just things to roll straight over, not avoid."
103,exeggutor,"It is called “The Walking Jungle.” If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an Exeggcute."
629,vullaby,Their wings are too tiny to allow them to fly. They guard their posteriors with bones that were gathered by Mandibuzz.
15,beedrill,It has three poisonous stingers on its forelegs and its tail. They are used to jab its enemy repeatedly.
322,numel,"Its humped back stores intensely hot magma. In rain, the magma cools, slowing its movement."
242,blissey,"This Pokémon is overflowing with love. Only Chansey that share a strong bond with their Trainer can evolve, so people say."
284,masquerain,Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
330,flygon,"Known as “The Desert Spirit,” this Pokémon hides in the sandstorms it causes by beating its wings."
36,clefable,"Its very sensitive ears let it distinguish distant sounds. As a result, it prefers quiet places."
112,rhydon,"Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable ofliving in molten lava of 3,600 degrees."
202,wobbuffet,It desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret.
332,cacturne,"It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day’s desert heat."
777,togedemaru,"When it’s surprised or agitated, the 14 fur spikes on its back will stand up involuntarily."
218,slugma,"A common sight in volcanic areas, it slowly slithers around in a constant search for warm places."
259,marshtomp,"Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep."
307,meditite,It always trains deep in mountains. It levitates when it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
190,aipom,"this Pokémon’s tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly manipulated.However, because the POKéMON uses its tail so much, its real hands have become rather clumsy."
205,forretress,It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
248,tyranitar,"It wanders through the mountains seeking opponents to fight. If it finds an opponent that’s not worthy, this Pokémon ignores it and wanders on."
202,wobbuffet,"It hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to build up its counterstrike."
549,lilligant,Even veteran Trainers face a challenge in getting its beautiful flower to bloom. This Pokémon is popular with celebrities.
137,porygon,"The only POKéMON people anticipate can fly intospace. None has managed the feat yet, however."
28,sandslash,"Thanks to its thick claws, it’s good at climbing trees. There are plenty of this Pokémon that park themselves in trees and go right to sleep."
53,persian,"Although the jewel on its forehead appears to be a different color than those of Alolan this Pokémon, it’s mostly made of the same material."
36,clefable,A timid fairy POKéMON that is rarely seen. Itwill run and hide the moment it senses people.
879,copperajah,"These Pokémon live in herds. Their trunks have incredible grip strength, strong enough to crush giant rocks into powder."
92,gastly,"Said to appear in decrepit, deserted buildings. It has no real shape, as it appears to be made of a gas."
176,togetic,It grows dispirit­ ed if it is not with kind people.It can float in midair without moving its wings.
23,ekans,"By dislocating its jaw, it can swallow prey larger than itself. After a meal, it curls up and rests."
321,wailord,It is among the largest of all POKéMON. It herds prey in a pack then swallows the massed prey in one gulp.
97,hypno,"When it locks eyes with an enemy, it will use a mix ofPSI moves such as this PokémonSIS and CONFUSION."
171,lanturn,this Pokémon’s light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed “The Deep-Sea Star.”
317,swalot,It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
384,rayquaza,It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
20,raticate,It whittles its constantly growing fangs by gnawing on hard things. It can chew apart cinder walls.
445,garchomp,It flies at speeds equal to a jet fighter plane. It never allows its prey to escape.
323,camerupt,The volcanoes on its back have a major eruption every 10 years--or whenever it becomes really angry.
8,wartortle,It cleverly controls its furry ears and tail to maintain its balance while swimming.
568,trubbish,Inhaling the gas they belch will make you sleep for a week. They prefer unsanitary places.
299,nosepass,Its magnetic nose consistently faces north. Travelers check this Pokémon to get their bearings.
301,delcatty,"The reason it does not have a nest is that it simply searches for a clean, comfortable place then sleeps there."
428,lopunny,this Pokémon regrows its coat twice a year. Mufflers and hats made from its fur are really warm.
120,staryu,"When the stars twinkle at night, it floats up fromthe sea floor, and its body's center core flickers."
239,elekid,"It rotates its arms to generate electricity, but it tires easily, so it only charges up a little bit."
50,diglett,Lives about one yard underground where it feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears aboveground.
85,dodrio,"When DODUO evolves into this odd breed, one of its heads splits into two. It runs at nearly 40 mph."
97,hypno,"this Pokémon holds a pendulum in its hand. The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum lull the foe into a deep stateof this Pokémonsis. While this POKéMON searches for prey, it polishes the pendulum."
82,magneton,The stronger electromagnetic waves from the three linked Magnemite are enough to dry out surrounding moisture.
174,igglybuff,this Pokémon’s vocal chords are not sufficiently developed. It would hurt its throat if it were to sing too much.This POKéMON gargles with freshwater from a clean stream.
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially developed to enable it to see clearly even in murky darkness and minimal light.
507,herdier,The black fur that covers this Pokémon’s body is dense and springy. Even sharp fangs bounce right off.
868,milcery,This Pokémon was born from sweet-smelling particles in the air. Its body is made of cream.
542,leavanny,"Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves by using the sticky silk secreted from its mouth."
45,vileplume,"It has the world’s largest petals. With every step, the petals shake out heavy clouds of toxic pollen."
343,baltoy,"It was discovered in ancient ruins. While moving, it constantly spins. It stands on one foot even when asleep."
210,granbull,"Because its fangs are too heavy, it always keeps its head tilted down. However, its bite is powerful."
523,zebstrika,"When this ill-tempered Pokémon runs wild, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions."
133,eevee,It can evolve into a variety of forms. this Pokémon’s genes are the key to solving the mysteries of Pokémon evolution.
1,bulbasaur,"For some time after its birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back."
722,rowlet,"It sends its feathers, which are as sharp as blades, flying in attack. Its legs are strong, so its kicks are also formidable."
29,nidoran-f,"Although small, its venomous barbs render this POKéMON dangerous. The female has smaller horns."
94,gengar,"Lurking in the shadowy corners of rooms, it awaits chances to steal its prey’s life force."
431,glameow,It hides its spiteful tendency of hooking its claws into the nose of its Trainer if it isn’t fed.
576,gothitelle,"It has tremendous psychic power, but it dislikes conflict. It’s also able to predict the future based on the movement of the stars."
17,pidgeotto,"Very protective of its sprawling territorial area,this POKéMON will fiercely peck at any intruder."
37,vulpix,"While young, it has six gorgeous tails. When it grows, several new tails are sprouted."
759,stufful,"this Pokémon hates to be hugged or touched in any way. It will squirm, thrash, and resist with amazing power."
57,primeape,"When this Pokémon becomes furious, its blood circulation is boosted. In turn, its muscles are made even stronger.However, it also becomes much less intelligent at the same time."
117,seadra,Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional medicine ingredients.
565,carracosta,They can live both in the ocean and on land. A slap from one of them is enough to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker.
587,emolga,"It glides using its cape-like membrane. Electrical energy scatters from it, shocking its friends and foes alike."
727,incineroar,"this Pokémon’s rough and aggressive behavior is its most notable trait, but the way it helps out small Pokémon shows that it has a kind side as well."
579,reuniclus,"It’s said that drinking the liquid surrounding this Pokémon grants wisdom. Problem is, the liquid is highly toxic to anything besides this Pokémon itself."
177,natu,"Because its wings aren’t yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something."
98,krabby,It lives in burrows dug on sandy beaches. Its pincers fully grow back if they are broken in battle.
437,bronzong,It brought rains by opening portals to another world. It was revered as a bringer of plentiful harvests.
33,nidorino,"It raises its big ears to check its surroundings. If it senses anything, it attacks immediately."
508,stoutland,Being wrapped in its long fur is so comfortable that a person would be fine even overnight on a wintry mountain.
668,pyroar,"With fiery breath of more than 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, they viciously threaten any challenger. The females protect the pride’s cubs."
462,magnezone,There are still people who believe that this Pokémon came from outer space. It emanates a powerful magnetic field.
324,torkoal,You can tell how it’s feeling by the smoke spouting from its shell. Tremendous velocity is a sign of good health.
765,oranguru,"Deep in the jungle, high in the lofty canopy, this Pokémon abides. On rare occasions, it shows up at the beach to match wits with Slowking."
601,klinklang,The minigear spins at high speed. Then the energy from the red core charges the minigear to make it ready to fire.
157,typhlosion,this Pokémon obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames.This POKéMON creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.
275,shiftry,"It is said to arrive on chilly, wintry winds. Feared from long ago as the guardian of forests, this POKéMON lives in a deep forest where people do not venture."
213,shuckle,The BERRIES it stores in its vaselike shell decompose and become a gooey liquid.
306,aggron,It claims a large mountain as its sole territory. It mercilessly thrashes those that violate its space.
48,venonat,"Its large eyes act as radar. In a bright place, you can see that they are clusters of many tiny eyes."
360,wynaut,It tends to move in a pack with others. They cluster in a tight group to sleep in a cave.
2,ivysaur,The bulb on its back grows by drawing energy.It gives off an aroma when it is ready to bloom.
124,jynx,"Its cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say."
24,arbok,The pattern on its belly appears to be a frightening face. Weak foes will flee just at the sight of the pattern.
290,nincada,It can sometimes live underground for more than 10 years. It absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees.
234,stantler,The curved antlers subtly change the flow of air to create a strange space where reality is distorted.
347,anorith,"An ancestral Pokémon that lived in the ocean. Over time, its eight feet transformed into wings."
802,marshadow,"This Pokémon can conceal itself in any shadow, so it went undiscovered for a long time."
192,sunflora,"As the hot season approaches, the petals on thisPOKéMON's face become more vivid and lively."
282,gardevoir,this Pokémon has the psychokinetic power to distort the dimensions and create a small black hole.This POKéMON will try to protect its TRAINER even at the risk of its own life.
274,nuzleaf,"It lives deep in forests. With the leaf on its head, it makes a flute whose song makes listeners uneasy."
614,beartic,It freezes its breath to create fangs and claws of ice to fight with. Cold northern areas are its habitat.
39,jigglypuff,"Looking into its cute, round eyes causes it to singa relaxing melody, inducing its enemies to sleep."
457,lumineon,"To avoid detection by predators, it crawls along the seafloor using the two fins on its chest."
629,vullaby,Their wings are too tiny to allow them to fly. They guard their posteriors with bones that were gathered by Mandibuzz.
109,koffing,"The poisonous gases it contains are a little bit lighter than air, keeping it slightly airborne."
242,blissey,"this Pokémon senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to a sad person, no matter how far away, to share a Lucky Egg that brings a smile to any face."
872,snom,"It eats snow that piles up on the ground. The more snow it eats, the bigger and more impressive the spikes on its back grow."
267,beautifly,"Despite its looks, it is aggressive. It jabs with its long, thin mouth if disturbed while collecting pollen."
112,rhydon,It begins walking on its hind legs after evolution. It can punch holes through boulders with its horn.
374,beldum,"The magnetic force generated by its body repels the ground’s natural magnetism, letting it float. "
240,magby,"It naturally spits an 1100-degree flame. It is saidwhen many appear, it heralds a volcanic eruption."
608,lampent,The spirits it absorbs fuel its baleful fire. It hangs around hospitals waiting for people to pass on.
263,zigzagoon,"A Pokémon with abundant curiosity. It shows an interest in everything, so it always zigzags."
304,aron,"It usually lives deep in mountains. However, hunger may drive it to eat railroad tracks and cars."
86,seel,"Thanks to its thick fat, cold seas don’t bother it at all, but it gets tired pretty easily in warm waters."
310,manectric,It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
425,drifloon,Stories go that it grabs the hands of small children and drags them away to the afterlife. It dislikes heavy children.
91,cloyster,"When attacked, it launches its horns in quick volleys. Its innards have never been seen."
235,smeargle,"Once it becomes an adult, it has a tendency to let its comrades plant footprints on its back."
443,gible,"It attacks using its huge mouth. While its attacks are powerful, it hurts itself out of clumsiness, too."
54,psyduck,"If it uses its mysterious power, this Pokémon can’t remember having done so. It apparently can’t form a memory ofsuch an event because it goes into an altered state that is much like deep sleep."
198,murkrow,"Feared and loathed by many, it is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see it at night."
328,trapinch,"Its nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit in the desert. Once something has fallen in, there is no escape."
104,cubone,"this Pokémon pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries.The stains on the skull the POKéMON wears are made by the tears it sheds."
485,heatran,"Boiling blood, like magma, circulates through its body. It makes its dwelling place in volcanic caves."
544,whirlipede,this Pokémon protects itself with a sturdy shell and poisonous spikes while it stores up the energy it’ll need for evolution.
150,mewtwo,It was created by a scientist after years of horrificgene splicing and DNA engineering experiments.
262,mightyena,It will always obey the commands of a skilled TRAINER. Its behavior arises from its living in packs in ancient times.
481,mesprit,"This Pokémon is said to have endowed the human heart with emotions, such as sorrow and joy."
441,chatot,"Its tongue is just like a human’s. As a result, it can cleverly mimic human speech."
166,ledian,"It flies through the night sky, sprinkling sparkly dust. According to some, if that dust sticks to you, good things will happen to you."
183,marill,The oil-filled end of its tail floats on water. It keeps this Pokémon from drowning even in a strong current.
96,drowzee,"If you think that you had a good dream but you can’t remember it, a this Pokémon has probably eaten it."
205,forretress,"this Pokémon conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell. The shell is opened when the Pokémon is catching prey, but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell’s inside cannot be seen."
523,zebstrika,"When this ill-tempered Pokémon runs wild, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions."
454,toxicroak,Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile that even a scratch could prove fatal.
367,huntail,"It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey."
266,silcoon,It conserves its energy by moving as little as possible. It awaits evolution while drinking only a little rainwater.
155,cyndaquil,"It usually stays hunched over. If it is angry or surprised, it shoots flames out of its back."
581,swanna,"It administers sharp, powerful pecks with its bill. It whips its long neck to deliver forceful repeated strikes."
215,sneasel,"It has a cunning yet savage disposition. It waits for parents to leave their nests, and then it sneaks in to steal their eggs."
656,froakie,It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise take when attacked.
75,graveler,Be careful while hiking on mountain trails. this Pokémon may come rolling down the path without slowing.
169,crobat,"Silent and swift in its four-winged flight, it bites down on its prey before they realize what’s happening. In a heartbeat, it drains their blood."
426,drifblim,It grabs people and Pokémon and carries them off somewhere. Where do they go? Nobody knows.
439,mime-jr,"It does its absolute best to mimic the movements and expressions of its opponents, but it’s still not very good at it."
487,giratina,"This Pokémon is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours, where common knowledge is distorted and strange."
423,gastrodon,"When its natural enemy attacks, it oozes purple fluid and escapes."
72,tentacool,Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook them byaccident are often punished by its stinging acid.
296,makuhita,It grows stronger by enduring harsh training. It is a gutsy POKéMON that can withstand any attack.
208,steelix,"Its body has been compressed deep under the ground.As a result, it is even harder than a diamond."
630,mandibuzz,"Although it’s a bit of a ruffian, this Pokémon will take lost Vullaby under its wing and care for them till they’re ready to leave the nest."
761,bounsweet,"When under attack, it secretes a sweet and delicious sweat. The scent only calls more enemies to it."
461,weavile,"They live in cold regions, forming groups of four or five that hunt prey with impressive coordination."
149,dragonite,This marine POKé­ MON has an impres­ sive build thatlets it freely fly over raging seas without trouble.
627,rufflet,"If it spies a strong Pokémon, this Pokémon can’t resist challenging it to a battle. But if this Pokémon loses, it starts bawling."
445,garchomp,"It is said that when one runs at high speed, its wings create blades of wind that can fell nearby trees."
244,entei,this Pokémon embodies the passion of magma. This Pokémon is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch.
173,cleffa,"Because of its unusual, starlike silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor."
2,ivysaur,"When the bulb on its back grows large, it appearsto lose the ability to stand on its hind legs."
705,sliggoo,The lump on its back contains its tiny brain. It thinks only of food and escaping its enemies.
627,rufflet,"It stands up to massive opponents, not out of courage, but out of recklessness. But that is how it gets stronger."
382,kyogre,A mythical Pokémon said to have swelled the seas with rain and tidal waves. It battled with GROUDON.
374,beldum,"It converses with others by using magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison."
13,weedle,this Pokémon has an extremely acute sense of smell. It is capable of distinguishing itsfavorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes just by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose).
50,diglett,Lives about one yard underground where it feeds onplant roots. It sometimes appears above ground.
299,nosepass,"It moves less than an inch a year, but when it’s in a jam, it will spin and drill down into the ground in a split second."
526,gigalith,The solar rays it absorbs are processed in its energy core and fired as a ball of light.
422,shellos,"Its colors and shapes differ from region to region. In the Sinnoh region, two types are confirmed."
518,musharna,The mist emanating from their foreheads is packed with the dreams of people and Pokémon.
371,bagon,"Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day."
12,butterfree,It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.
328,trapinch,"Its nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit in the desert. Once something has fallen in, there is no escape."
615,cryogonal,"They are composed of ice crystals. They capture prey with chains of ice, freezing the prey at -148° F."
141,kabutops,Its body had begun to change so it could function on land. But it didn’t adapt in time and went extinct.
34,nidoking,One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
423,gastrodon,"When its natural enemy attacks, it oozes purple fluid and escapes."
5,charmeleon,"Without pity, its sharp claws destroy foes. If it encounters a strong enemy, it becomes agitated, and the flame on its tail flares with a bluish white color."
169,crobat,"Its fangs are so sharp, if it bites you in the dark and sucks your blood, you won’t notice any pain or realize you’ve been bitten."
201,unown,"Shaped like ancient writing, it is a huge mystery whether language or this Pokémon came first."
197,umbreon,"When agitated, this POKéMON pro­ tects itself byspraying poisonous sweat from its pores."
210,granbull,"Although it’s popular with young people, this Pokémon is timid and sensitive, so it’s totally incompetent as a watchdog."
249,lugia,It has an incred­ ible ability to calm raging sto­rms. It is said that this Pokémon appears when storms start.
160,feraligatr,"It usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey."
111,rhyhorn,"Its body is clad in a thick hide, and its tackles topple buildings. Unfortunately, it is not smart."
80,slowbro,"Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the Shellder on its tail bites down."
194,wooper,"When walking on land, it covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating."
86,seel,A Pokémon that lives on icebergs. It swims in the sea using the point on its head to break up ice.
300,skitty,It shows its cute side by chasing its own tail until it gets dizzy.
341,corphish,It was originally a Pokémon from afar that escaped to the wild. It can adapt to the dirtiest river.
97,hypno,"this Pokémon holds a pendulum in its hand. The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum lull the foe into a deep state of this Pokémonsis. While this Pokémon searches for prey, it polishes the pendulum."
374,beldum,"this Pokémon keeps itself floating by generating a magnetic force that repels earth’s natural magnetism. When it sleeps, this Pokémon anchors itself to a cliff using the hooks on its rear."
74,geodude,It uses its arms to steadily climb steep mountainpaths. It swings its fists around if angered.
446,munchlax,"It hides food under its long body hair. However, it forgets it has hidden the food."
168,ariados,"It attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends."
178,xatu,This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun’s movement all day.
42,golbat,It clamps down on its prey with needle- sharp fangs and drains over 10 ounces of blood in one gulp.
255,torchic,"A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees F."
758,salazzle,"For some reason, only females have been found. It creates a reverse harem of male Salandit that it lives with."
355,duskull,It loves the crying of children. It startles bad kids by passing through walls and making them cry.
277,swellow,"It circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey."
105,marowak,They thump their bones rhythmically to communicate among themselves. There are nearly 50 different rhythmic patterns.
492,shaymin,The flowers all over its body burst into bloom if it is lovingly hugged and senses gratitude.
53,persian,"Although its fur has many admirers, it is tough to raise as a pet because of its fickle meanness."
781,dhelmise,"Swinging its massive anchor, it can KO Wailord in a single blow. What appears to be green seaweed is actually its body."
713,avalugg,"At high latitudes, this Pokémon can be found with clusters of Bergmite on its back as it swims among the icebergs."
416,vespiquen,It raises grubs in the holes in its body. It secretes pheromones to control COMBEE.
254,sceptile,The leaves on its forelegs are as sharp as swords. It agilely leaps about the branches of trees to strike.
356,dusclops,It seeks drifting will-o’-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.
377,regirock,The same rocks that form its body have been found in ground layers around the world.
636,larvesta,"Said to have been born from the sun, it spews fire from its horns and encases itself in a cocoon of fire when it evolves."
33,nidorino,"Its horn contains venom. If it stabs an enemy with the horn, the impact makes the poison leak out."
710,pumpkaboo,It is said to carry wandering spirits to the place where they belong so they can move on.
153,bayleef,"The scent of spices comes from around its neck.Somehow, sniffing it makes you want to fight."
613,cubchoo,Its nose is always running. It sniffs the snot back up because the mucus provides the raw material for its moves.
280,ralts,"If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly."
332,cacturne,"After spending thousands of years in harsh deserts, its blood transformed into the same substances as sand. It is nocturnal, so it hunts at night."
715,noivern,They fly around on moonless nights and attack careless prey. Nothing can beat them in a battle in the dark.
57,primeape,Some researchers theorize that this Pokémon remains angry even when inside a Poké Ball.
348,armaldo,this Pokémon’s tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This POKéMON’s two enormous claws can be freely extendedor contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab.
54,psyduck,The only time it can use its psy­ chic power is whenits sleeping brain cells happen to wake.
466,electivire,"Heedless of enemy attacks, it closes in, shoves its tails onto the foe, then looses high voltage."
551,sandile,"The desert gets cold at night, so when the sun sets, this Pokémon burrows deep into the sand and sleeps until sunrise."
251,celebi,This Pokémon has the ability to move through time. Records describing it as a forest deity can be found from many different eras.
152,chikorita,It uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe.
61,poliwhirl,"The surface of this Pokémon’s body is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this greasy covering, it caneasily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle."
618,stunfisk,"It conceals itself in the mud of the seashore. Then it waits. When prey touch it, it delivers a jolt of electricity."
38,ninetales,Legend has it that this Pokémon came into being when nine wizards possessing sacred powers merged into one. This Pokémon is highly intelligent—it can understand human speech.
363,spheal,"They can’t swim well yet, and they move much faster by rolling. When they’re happy, they clap fins."
411,bastiodon,"When they lined up side by side, no foe could break through. They shielded their young in that way."
487,giratina,It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World.
111,rhyhorn,"Its powerful tackles can destroy anything. However, it is too slow witted to help people work."
584,vanilluxe,"If both heads get angry simultaneously, this Pokémon expels a blizzard, burying everything in snow."
24,arbok,"After stunning its opponents with the pattern on its stomach, it quickly wraps them up in its body and waits for them to stop moving."
88,grimer,Appears in filthy areas. It thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.
48,venonat,"Its big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light."
484,palkia,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that space becomes more stable with this Pokémon’s every breath.
576,gothitelle,They can predict the future from the placement and movement of the stars. They can see Trainers’ life spans.
27,sandshrew,"When it curls up in a ball, it can make any attack bounce off harmlessly. Its hide has turned tough and solid as a result of living in the desert."
58,growlithe,"Extremely loyal, it will fearlessly bark at any opponent to protect its own Trainer from harm."
126,magmar,"Born in the spout of a volcano, its body is covered by flames that shimmer like the sun."
781,dhelmise,"Its chain-like green seaweed can stretch outward for hundreds of yards. For some reason, it gets along well with Skrelp."
563,cofagrigus,There are many depictions of this Pokémon decorating ancient tombs. They’re symbols of the wealth that kings of bygone eras had.
109,koffing,"Because it stores several kinds of toxic gases inits body, it is prone to exploding without warning."
28,sandslash,Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. It can roll while curled up to attack or escape.
271,lombre,It is nocturnal and becomes active at nightfall. It feeds on aquatic mosses that grow in the riverbed.
61,poliwhirl,"Capable of living in or out of water. When outof water, it sweats to keep its body slimy."
138,omanyte,"Revived from an ancient fossil, this POKéMON usesair stored in its shell to sink and rise in water."
60,poliwag,"Despite the danger, it wants to come up on land. So it does its best to waddle along, but when an enemy finds it, it rushes back to the water."
561,sigilyph,"The guardians of an ancient city, they use their psychic power to attack enemies that invade their territory."
586,sawsbuck,They migrate according to the seasons. People can tell the season by looking at this Pokémon’s horns.
102,exeggcute,"This Pokémon consists of six eggs that form a closely knit cluster. The six eggs attract each other and spin around. When cracks increasingly appear on the eggs, this Pokémon is close to evolution."
141,kabutops,this Pokémon slices its prey apart and sucks out the fluids. The discarded body parts become food for other Pokémon.
648,meloetta,Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization method that can control the feelings of those who hear it.
102,exeggcute,"It is often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed, they quickly gather and attack in swarms."
638,cobalion,It has a body and heart of steel. Its glare is sufficient to make even an unruly Pokémon obey it.
717,yveltal,"When this legendary Pokémon’s wings and tail feathers spread wide and glow red, it absorbs the life force of living creatures."
896,glastrier,"this Pokémon has tremendous physical strength, and the mask of ice covering its face is 100 times harder than diamond."
156,quilava,It intimidates foes with the heat of its flames. The fire burns more strongly when it readies to fight.
431,glameow,It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular among some.
318,carvanha,this Pokémon’s strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls. Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this Pokémon.
626,bouffalant,These Pokémon live in herds of about 20 individuals. this Pokémon that betray the herd will lose the hair on their heads for some reason.
370,luvdisc,It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
19,rattata,"this Pokémon is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around. It is not picky about where it lives—it will make its nest anywhere."
316,gulpin,Almost all its body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows.
645,landorus,Lands visited by this Pokémon grant such bountiful crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of the Fields.”
143,snorlax,"Will eat anything, even if the food happens to be alittle moldy. It never gets an upset stomach."
143,snorlax,"Very lazy. Just eats and sleeps. As its rotundbulk builds, it becomes steadily more slothful."
275,shiftry,"By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 feet per second that can level houses."
65,alakazam,"Its brain cells multiply continually until it dies. As a result, it remembers everything."
25,pikachu,"It has small electric sacs on both its cheeks. If threatened, it looses electric charges from the sacs."
204,pineco,It looks just like a this Pokémonne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
347,anorith,A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
173,cleffa,"On nights with many shooting stars, this Pokémon can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance through the night and stoponly at the break of day, when these POKéMON quench their thirst with the morning dew."
209,snubbull,It grows close to others easily and is also easily spoiled. The disparity between its face and its actions makes many young people wild about it.
148,dragonair,"If its body takes on an aura, the weather changes instantly. It is said to live in seas and lakes."
610,axew,"They mark their territory by leaving gashes in trees with their tusks. If a tusk breaks, a new one grows in quickly."
167,spinarak,"It lies still in the same pose for days in its web, waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close."
45,vileplume,"The larger its petals, the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up."
499,pignite,"When its internal fire flares up, its movements grow sharper and faster. When in trouble, it emits smoke."
47,parasect,"this Pokémon is known to infest large trees en masse and drain nutrients from the lower trunk and roots.When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once."
99,kingler,"this Pokémon has an enormous, oversized claw. It waves this huge claw in the air to communicate with others.However, because the claw is so heavy, the POKéMON quickly tires."
254,sceptile,The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
468,togekiss,It shares many blessings with people who respect one another’s rights and avoid needless strife.
44,gloom,What appears to be drool is actually sweet honey. It is very sticky and clings stubbornly if touched.
298,azurill,"this Pokémon’s tail is large and bouncy. It is packed full of the nutrients this POKéMON needs to grow.this Pokémon can be seen bouncing and playing on its big, rubbery tail."
448,lucario,"By reading the auras of all things, it can tell how others are feeling from over half a mile away."
518,musharna,The dream mist coming from its forehead changes into many different colors depending on the dream that was eaten.
146,moltres,Legendary bird POKéMON. It is said to migratefrom the south along with the spring.
422,shellos,"Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body, as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out."
125,electabuzz,"Electricity runs across the surface of its body. Indarkness, its en­ tire body glows a whitish-blue."
68,machamp,Its four muscled arms slam foes with powerful punches and chops at blinding speed.
374,beldum,It uses magnetic waves to converse with its kind. All the cells in its body are magnetic.
146,moltres,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control fire. If this Pokémon is injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself."
330,flygon,"this Pokémon whips up a sandstorm by flapping its wings. The wings create a series of notes that sound like singing. Because the “singing” is the only thing that can be heard in a sandstorm, this Pokémon is said to be the desert spirit."
200,misdreavus,"this Pokémon frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. The Pokémon apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition."
529,drilbur,"By spinning its body, it can dig straight through the ground at a speed of 30 mph."
294,loudred,this Pokémon’s bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This Pokémon’s round ears serve as loudspeakers.
73,tentacruel,"When its 80 feel­ ers absorb water, it stretches tobecome like a net to entangle its prey."
288,vigoroth,Its heartbeat is fast and its blood so agitated that it can’t sit still for one second.
458,mantyke,A friendly Pokémon that captures the subtle flows of seawater using its two antennae.
192,sunflora,It gets energy from warm sunlight and is known for its habit of moving in pursuit of it.
295,exploud,"This Pokémon can do more than just shout. To communicate with others of its kind, it’ll emit all sorts of sounds from the holes in its body."
87,dewgong,"Its streamlined body has little drag in water. The colder the temperature, the friskier it gets."
377,regirock,"Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself."
672,skiddo,"Thought to be one of the first Pokémon to live in harmony with humans, it has a placid disposition."
358,chimecho,"Emitting ultrasonic cries, it floats on winds to travel great distances."
373,salamence,"When angered, it loses all sense of itself and destroys everything around it. The destruction will continue until this Pokémon has tired itself out."
569,garbodor,Consuming garbage makes new kinds of poison gases and liquids inside their bodies.
661,fletchling,"While it’s an amiable Pokémon, if you touch it unexpectedly, it will heat up its body in an instant, and you’ll be burned."
29,nidoran-f,"A mild-mannered POKéMON that does not like tofight. Beware, its small horns secrete venom."
236,tyrogue,It is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes.
201,unown,"Its flat, thin body is always stuck on walls.Its shape appears to have some mean­ ing."
11,metapod,"Hardens its shell to protect itself. However, a large impact may cause it to pop out of its shell."
70,weepinbell,"If its prey is bigger than its mouth, it slices up the victim with sharp leaves, then eats every morsel."
462,magnezone,"Exposure to a special magnetic field changed MAGNETON’s molecular structure, turning it into this Pokémon."
447,riolu,"It uses the shapes of auras, which change according to emotion, to communicate with others."
430,honchkrow,"If one utters a deep cry, many Murkrow gather quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.”"
31,nidoqueen,"The body is covered by stiff, needlelike scales. If it becomes excited, the needles bristle outwards."
51,dugtrio,"Its three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles."
61,poliwhirl,The swirl on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it may gradually cause drowsiness.
871,pincurchin,"It feeds on seaweed, using its teeth to scrape it off rocks. Electric current flows from the tips of its spines."
68,machamp,It is impossible to defend against punches and chops doled out by its four arms. Its fighting spirit flares up when it faces a tough opponent.
296,makuhita,It toughens up by slamming into thick trees over and over. It gains a sturdy body and dauntless spirit.
25,pikachu,"It keeps its tail raised to monitor its surroundings.If you yank its tail, it will try to bite you."
131,lapras,Its high intelligence enables it to understand human speech. It likes to ferry people on its back.
245,suicune,It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
436,bronzor,They are found in ancient tombs. The patterns on their backs are said to be imbued with mysterious power.
209,snubbull,"Although it looks frightening, it is actually kind andaffectionate. It is very popular among women."
3,venusaur,The plant blooms when it is absorbing solarenergy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.
230,kingdra,It lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves.
668,pyroar,The male with the largest mane of fire is the leader of the pride.
616,shelmet,It evolves when bathed in an electric-like energy along with Karrablast. The reason is still unknown.
81,magnemite,The units at the sides of its body generate antigravity energy to keep it aloft in the air.
789,cosmog,"In ages past, it was called the child of the stars. It’s said to be a Pokémon from another world, but no specific details are known."
744,rockruff,"As they develop, their disposition grows more violent and aggressive. Many Trainers find them too much to handle and abandon them."
138,omanyte,A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas.
321,wailord,It can sometimes knock out opponents with the shock created by breaching and crashing its big body onto the water.
381,latios,this Pokémon has the ability to make others see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head. This Pokémon is intelligent and understands human speech.
51,dugtrio,"Because the triplets originally split from one body, they think exactly alike. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly through the ground."
204,pineco,It looks just like a this Pokémonne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
49,venomoth,"When it attacks, it flaps its large wings violently to scatter its poisonous powder all around."
17,pidgeotto,"It flies over its wide territory in search of prey, downing it with its highly developed claws."
80,slowbro,"this Pokémon’s tail has a SHELLDER firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can’t be used for fishing anymore.This causes this Pokémon to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead."
92,gastly,"With its gas-like body, it can sneak into any place it desires. However, it can be blown away by wind."
223,remoraid,It squirts water forcefully from its mouth to shoot down flying prey.
227,skarmory,"Despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor, it flies at speeds over 180 mph."
562,yamask,These Pokémon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves. Each retains memories of its former life.
555,darmanitan,The thick arms of this hot-blooded Pokémon can deliver punches capable of obliterating a dump truck.
472,gliscor,"It dances silently through the sky. When it approaches prey, it can land a critical hit in an instant."
151,mew,"When viewed through a microscope, this Pokémon’s short, fine, delicate hair can be seen."
156,quilava,Be careful if it turns its back during battle. Itmeans that it will attack with the fire on its back.
207,gligar,It clamps on to its chosen prey then jabs the stinger on its tail into the prey while it’s stunned with surprise.
499,pignite,"The more it eats, the more fuel it has to make the fire in its stomach stronger. This fills it with even more power."
465,tangrowth,It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines. Losing arms to predators does not trouble it.
130,gyarados,"Once it appears, it goes on a rampage. It remains enraged until it demolishes everything around it."
734,yungoos,"With its sharp fangs, it will bite anything. It did not originally live in Alola but was imported from another region."
571,zoroark,Bonds between these Pokémon are very strong. It protects the safety of its pack by tricking its opponents.
355,duskull,It loves the crying of children. It startles bad kids by passing through walls and making them cry.
214,heracross,"It is usually docile, but if it is disturbed while sipping honey, it chases off the intruder with its horn."
405,luxray,"When its eyes gleam gold, it can spot hiding prey--even those taking shelter behind a wall."
477,dusknoir,This feared Pokémon is said to travel to worlds unknown. Some even believe that it takes lost spirits along with it.
159,croconaw,"It opens its huge jaws wide when attacking. If itloses any fangs while biting, they grow back in."
37,vulpix,"If it is attacked by an enemy that is stronger than itself, it feigns injury to fool the enemy and escapes."
77,ponyta,"As a newborn, it can barely stand. However, through galloping, its legs are made tougher and faster."
439,mime-jr,It looks for a Mr. Rime that’s a good dancer and carefully copies the Mr. Rime’s steps like an apprentice.
242,blissey,The eggs it lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone.
482,azelf,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the determination to do things. It was the birth of willpower."
65,alakazam,"Its brain cells multiply continually until it dies. As a result, it remembers everything."
169,crobat,It flies so si­ lently through the dark on its fourwings that it may not be noticed even when nearby.
446,munchlax,It conceals food under the long fur on its body. It carts around this food stash and swallows it without chewing.
627,rufflet,"They crush berries with their talons. They bravely stand up to any opponent, no matter how strong it is."
38,ninetales,Some legends claim that each of its nine tails has itsown unique type of special mystical power.
39,jigglypuff,"When it wavers its big, round eyes, it begins singing a lullaby that makes everyone drowsy."
132,ditto,"It can reconstitute its entire cellular structure to change into what it sees, but it returns to normal when it relaxes."
119,seaking,"To attract females, males dance on the river’s floor. The females gather around the male that dances most gracefully."
335,zangoose,It has feuded with SEVIPER for many generations. Its sharp claws are its biggest weapons.
17,pidgeotto,"This POKéMON flies around, patrolling its large territory. If its living space is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws."
103,exeggutor,"Legend has it that on rare occasions, one of its headswill drop off and continue on as an EXEGGCUTE."
141,kabutops,this Pokémon swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient times. The POKéMON was apparently evolvingfrom being a water-dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs.
611,fraxure,Their tusks can shatter rocks. Territory battles between this Pokémon can be intensely violent.
207,gligar,It clamps on to its chosen prey then jabs the stinger on its tail into the prey while it’s stunned with surprise.
50,diglett,It chews on plant roots underground. Farmers whose vegetables are vulnerable find it can be quite a pest.
73,tentacruel,this Pokémon has tentacles that can be freely elongated and shortened at will. It ensnares prey with its tentacles andweakens the prey by dosing it with a harsh toxin. It can catch up to 80 prey at the same time.
12,butterfree,It collects honey every day. It rubs honey onto thehairs on its legs to carry it back to its nest.
799,guzzlord,An unknown life-form called a UB. It may be constantly hungry—it is certainly always devouring something.
240,magby,"Many of these Pokémon can be seen in areas with volcanic activity. Feeding can get them so excited, they exhale flames of 1,100 degrees F."
65,alakazam,The spoons clutched in its hands are said to have been created by its psychic powers.
394,prinplup,"Because every this Pokémon considers itself to be the most important, they can never form a group."
607,litwick,"this Pokémon shines a light that absorbs the life energy of people and Pokémon, which becomes the fuel that it burns."
640,virizion,Legends say this Pokémon confounded opponents with its swift movements.
501,oshawott,The scalchop on its stomach isn’t just used for battle--it can be used to break open hard berries as well.
446,munchlax,"In its desperation to gulp down food, it forgets about the food it has hidden under its fur."
686,inkay,Opponents who stare at the flashing of the light-emitting spots on its body become dazed and lose their will to fight.
701,hawlucha,"In combat, this Pokémon leaps nimbly about, taking advantage of its opponents’ blind spots. It’s also skilled at using superb submission holds."
72,tentacool,"Because its body is almost entirely composed of water, it shrivels up if it is washed ashore."
224,octillery,"this Pokémon grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This POKéMON tries to immobilize it before delivering thefinishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, this Pokémon spews ink to escape."
372,shelgon,"They lurk deep within caves—motionless, neither eating nor drinking. Why they don’t die is not known."
675,pangoro,"It charges ahead and bashes its opponents like a berserker, uncaring about any hits it might take. Its arms are mighty enough to snap a telephone pole."
522,blitzle,"When thunderclouds cover the sky, it will appear. It can catch lightning with its mane and store the electricity."
85,dodrio,"Apparently, the heads aren’t the only parts of the body that this Pokémon has three of.It has three sets of hearts and lungs as well, so it is capable of running long distances without rest."
37,vulpix,"It controls balls of fire. As it grows, its six tails split from their tips to make more tails."
329,vibrava,It vibrates its wings to send out odd sound waves. Trainers who are with it need earplugs.
386,deoxys,An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon.
136,flareon,"It has a flame bag inside its body. After inhaling deeply, it blows out flames of nearly 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit."
173,cleffa,Many appear when the night skies are filled with shooting stars. They disappear with sunrise.
50,diglett,"It prefers dark places. It spends most of its time underground, though it may pop up in caves."
271,lombre,"It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere."
13,weedle,It eats its weight in leaves every day. It fends off attackers with the needle on its head.
380,latias,Its body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
471,glaceon,It protects itself by freezing its fur into sharp needles. It can drop its body temperature below –75 degrees Fahrenheit.
808,meltan,It dissolves and eats metal. Circulating liquid metal within its body is how it generates energy.
106,hitmonlee,Its legs can stretch double. First-time foes are startled by its extensible reach.
281,kirlia,It is highly perceptive of its Trainer’s feelings. It dances when it is feeling happy.
342,crawdaunt,A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. It will crash itself into any foe that approaches its nest.
19,rattata,"Bites anything when it attacks. Small and veryquick, it is a common sight in many places."
396,starly,"Because they are weak individually, they form groups. However, they bicker if the group grows too big."
215,sneasel,A smart and sneaky Pokémon. A pair may work together to steal eggs by having one lure the parents away.
391,monferno,A bigger fire on its tail and a brighter blue pattern on its face means its rank in its pack is higher.
358,chimecho,"In high winds, this Pokémon cries as it hangs from a tree branch or the eaves of a building using a suction cup on itshead. This POKéMON plucks berries with its long tail and eats them."
490,manaphy,It starts its life with a wondrous power that permits it to bond with any kind of Pokémon.
20,raticate,"this Pokémon’s sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs.It may even chew on the walls of houses."
142,aerodactyl,"In prehistoric times, this POKéMON flewfreely and fearlessly through the skies."
194,wooper,A mucous membrane covers its body. Touchingit barehanded will cause a shooting pain.
554,darumaka,"When it sleeps, it pulls its limbs into its body and its internal fire goes down to 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit."
686,inkay,"It flashes the light-emitting spots on its body, which drains its opponent’s will to fight. It takes the opportunity to scuttle away and hide."
366,clamperl,"Despite its appearance, it’s carnivorous. It clamps down on its prey with both sides of its shell and doesn’t let go until they stop moving."
626,bouffalant,"They are known to charge so wildly that if a train were to enter their territory, they would send it flying."
27,sandshrew,Burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. It only emerges to hunt for prey.
506,lillipup,"This Pokémon is popular with beginners because it’s intelligent, obedient to its Trainer’s commands, and easy to raise."
68,machamp,It quickly swings its four arms to rock its opponentswith ceaseless punches and chops from all angles.
86,seel,"Although it can’t walk well on land, it is a graceful swimmer. It especially loves being in frigid seas."
584,vanilluxe,"this Pokémon is born when two Vanillish, half-melted by the day’s light, stick to each other and freeze together in the cold return of night."
635,hydreigon,The heads on their arms do not have brains. They use all three heads to consume and destroy everything.
181,ampharos,The tail’s tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people.
263,zigzagoon,It walks in zigzag fashion. It is good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
143,snorlax,"It is not satisfied unless it eats over 880 pounds of food every day. When it is done eating, it goes promptly to sleep."
209,snubbull,"It has an active, playful nature. Many women like to frolic with it because of its affectionate ways."
4,charmander,"The fire on the tip of its tail is a measure of its life. If healthy, its tail burns intensely."
366,clamperl,"this Pokémon grows while being protected by its rock-hard shell. When its body becomes too large to fit inside the shell, it is sure evidence that this Pokémon is getting close to evolution."
187,hoppip,"This POKéMON drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, a this Pokémon links leaves with others to prepare against being blown away."
163,hoothoot,"It switches its standing foot so quickly, it can’t be seen. It cries at the same time every day."
328,trapinch,"Its nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit in the desert. Once something has fallen in, there is no escape."
167,spinarak,"With threads from its mouth, it fashions sturdy webs that won’t break even if you set a rock on them."
340,whiscash,Its vision is not that good. It senses vibrations in the water with its whiskers to determine the location of its prey.
22,fearow,this Pokémon is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped forcatching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey.
352,kecleon,It changes its shading to match its surroundings so it can sneak up on prey. Only its belly patterns stay fixed.
612,haxorus,They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel.
222,corsola,It continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure because of its beauty.
895,regidrago,An academic theory proposes that this Pokémon’s arms were once the head of an ancient dragon Pokémon. The theory remains unproven.
82,magneton,"The MAGNEMITE are united by a magnetism so powerful, it dries all moisture in its vicinity."
628,braviary,They fight for their friends without any thought about danger to themselves. One can carry a car while flying.
37,vulpix,"If it is attacked by an enemy that is stronger thanitself, it feigns injury to fool the enemy and escapes."
466,electivire,"As its electric charge amplifies, blue sparks begin to crackle between its horns."
54,psyduck,"While lulling its enemies with its vacant look, thiswily POKéMON will use psychokinetic powers."
172,pichu,"It is not yet skilled at controlling electricity. If you take your eyes off it, it may shock itself."
51,dugtrio,this Pokémon’s heads are sleek and smooth and incredibly hard. It can dig through any soil with its headbutts.
401,kricketot,It chats with others using the sounds of its colliding antennae. These sounds are fall hallmarks.
664,scatterbug,"The powder that covers its body regulates its temperature, so it can live in any region or climate."
367,huntail,this Pokémon’s presence went unnoticed by people for a long time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea. This Pokémon’s eyes can see clearly even in the murky dark depths of the ocean.
72,tentacool,"As it floats along on the waves, it uses its toxicfeelers to stab anything it touches."
206,dunsparce,"If spotted, it es­ capes by burrowing with its tail.It can float just slightly using its wings."
607,litwick,"Its flame is usually out, but it starts shining when it absorbs life force from people or Pokémon."
193,yanma,Its large eyes can scan 360 degrees. It looks in all directions to seek out insects as its prey.
404,luxio,It rests its forelegs on others to communicate with rhythmic electric pulses from its claws.
22,fearow,It’s tough and has excellent stamina. It has no problem flying continuously for a whole day carrying a heavy load.
320,wailmer,"this Pokémon can store water inside its body to transform itself into a ball for bouncing around on the ground.By filling itself up with more water, this POKéMON can elevate the height of its bounces."
281,kirlia,"this Pokémon uses the horns on its head to amplify its psychokinetic power. When the Pokémon uses its power, the air around it becomes distorted, creating mirages of nonexistent scenery."
268,cascoon,"It endures attacks with patience, because the more pain before evolution, the sturdier it becomes."
781,dhelmise,The soul of seaweed adrift in the waves became reborn as this Pokémon. It maintains itself with new infusions of seabed detritus and seaweed.
115,kangaskhan,The infant rarely ventures out of its mother’s protective pouch until it is three years old.
55,golduck,The flippers of its well-developed limbs give it shocking speed. It is the best swimmer among Pokémon.
471,glaceon,"As a protective technique, it can completely freeze its fur to make its hairs stand like needles."
792,lunala,"It is said to be a female evolution of Cosmog. When its third eye activates, away it flies to another world."
55,golduck,"A professional swimmer, it can continue swimming for two days straight by waving its long tail skillfully."
60,poliwag,"It is possible to see this POKéMON’s spiral innards right through its thin skin. However, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it."
314,illumise,It guides VOLBEAT to draw signs in night skies. There are scientists that study the patterns it creates.
304,aron,"When it evolves, it sheds the steel carapace that covered its whole body and develops a new one."
70,weepinbell,"When hungry, it swallows anything that moves. Its hapless prey is dissolved by strong acids."
597,ferroseed,"When threatened, it attacks by shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives it a chance to escape by rolling away."
260,swampert,It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
473,mamoswine,"A frozen one was dug up from soil dating back 10,000 years. It woke up to much amazement."
353,shuppet,"It eats up emotions like malice, jealousy, and resentment, so some people are grateful for its presence."
447,riolu,They communicate with one another using their auras. They are able to run all through the night.
178,xatu,They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time.
442,spiritomb,Exactly 108 spirits gathered to become this Pokémon. Apparently there are some ill-natured spirits in the mix.
24,arbok,"This Pokémon is terrifically strong in order to constrict things with its body. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once this Pokémon wraps its body around its foe, escaping its crunching embrace is impossible."
86,seel,A Pokémon that lives on icebergs. It swims in the sea using the point on its head to break up ice.
146,moltres,One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring.
536,palpitoad,"It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to immobilize its opponents."
134,vaporeon,"Its cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can melt away into water."
710,pumpkaboo,Spirits that wander this world are placed into this Pokémon’s body. They’re then moved on to the afterlife.
176,togetic,"Although it does not flap its wings very much, it canstay up in the air as it tags along after its trainer."
7,squirtle,"this Pokémon’s shell is not merely used for protection. The shell’s rounded shape and thegrooves on its surface help minimize resistance in water, enabling this POKéMON to swim at high speeds."
423,gastrodon,It apparently had a huge shell for protection in ancient times. It lives in shallow tidal pools.
122,mr-mime,"MR. MIME is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeableactually exists. Once it is believed, it will exist as if it were a real thing."
474,porygon-z,Its programming was modified to enable it to travel through alien dimensions. Seems there might have been an error...
127,pinsir,"Grips its prey in its pincers and squeezes hard! It can’t move if it’s cold out, so it lives in warm places."
526,gigalith,Compressing the energy from its internal core lets it fire off an attack capable of blowing away a mountain.
408,cranidos,It was resurrected from an iron ball-like fossil. It downs prey with its headbutts.
75,graveler,Rolls down slopes to move. It rolls over any obstacle without slowing or changing its direction.
103,exeggutor,"It is called “The Walking Jungle.” If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an Exeggcute."
569,garbodor,The toxic liquid it launches from its right arm is so virulent that it can kill a weakened creature instantly.
39,jigglypuff,this Pokémon’s vocal cords can freely adjust the wavelength of its voice. This Pokémon uses this ability to sing at precisely the right wavelength to make its foes most drowsy.
406,budew,"The pollen it releases contains poison. If this Pokémon is raised on clean water, the poison’s toxicity is increased."
714,noibat,No wavelength of sound is beyond this Pokémon’s ability to produce. The ultrasonic waves it generates can overcome much larger Pokémon.
308,medicham,"Through the power of meditation, this Pokémon developed its sixth sense. It gained the ability to usepsychokinetic powers. This POKéMON is known to meditate for a whole month without eating."
82,magneton,"It has about three times the electrical power of Magnemite. For some reason, outbreaks of this Pokémon happen when lots of sunspots appear."
305,lairon,"When two this Pokémon meet in the wild, they fight for territory by bashing into each other with their steel bodies. The sound of their collision carries for miles."
46,paras,this Pokémon has this Pokémonitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from the BUGPOKéMON host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.
55,golduck,It appears by waterways at dusk. It may use telekinetic powers if its forehead glows mysteriously.
141,kabutops,Its sleek shape is perfect for swimming. It slashes prey with its claws and drains their fluids.
470,leafeon,"When you see this Pokémon asleep in a patch of sunshine, you’ll know it is using photosynthesis to produce clean air."
839,coalossal,"While it’s engaged in battle, its mountain of coal will burn bright red, sending off sparks that scorch the surrounding area."
348,armaldo,"Protected by a hard shell, its body is very sturdy. It skewers prey with its claws to feed."
136,flareon,"Inhaled air is carried to its flame sac, heated, and exhaled as fire that reaches over 3,000 degrees F."
45,vileplume,"this Pokémon’s toxic pollen triggers atrocious allergy attacks. That’s why it is advisable never to approach anyattractive flowers in a jungle, however pretty they may be."
172,pichu,this Pokémon charges itself with electricity more easily on days with thunderclouds or when the air is very dry. You can hear the crackling of static electricity coming off this Pokémon.
685,slurpuff,"this Pokémon’s fur contains a lot of air, making it soft to the touch and lighter than it looks."
409,rampardos,"If two were to smash their heads together, their foot-thick skulls would keep them from fainting."
253,grovyle,"It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch."
136,flareon,"Its average body temperature is between 1,300 and 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit. In its internal flame sac, temperatures reach 3,000 degrees."
52,meowth,It loves anything that shines. It especially adores coins that it picks up and secretly hoards.
54,psyduck,It has mystical powers but doesn't recall that it hasused them. That is why it always looks puzzled.
275,shiftry,It lives quietly in the deep forest. It is said to create chilly winter winds with the fans it holds.
196,espeon,"By reading air currents, it can predict things such as the weather or its foe’s next move."
215,sneasel,"It has a cunning yet savage disposition. It waits for parents to leave their nests, and then it sneaks in to steal their eggs."
298,azurill,"It swings its large, nutrient-filled tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself."
511,pansage,This Pokémon dwells deep in the forest. Eating a leaf from its head whisks weariness away as if by magic.
248,tyranitar,"this Pokémon is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. This Pokémon wanders about in mountains seeking new opponents to fight."
62,poliwrath,Swims powerfully using all the muscles in its body. It can even overtake world-class swimmers.
198,murkrow,this Pokémon were feared as the alleged bearers of ill fortune. It shows strong interest in anything that sparkles. It will even try to steal rings from women.
474,porygon-z,"Additional software was installed to make it a better Pokémon. It began acting oddly, however."
282,gardevoir,It has the power to predict the future. Its power peaks when it is protecting its TRAINER.
186,politoed,"The curled hair on its head proves its status as a king. It is said that the longer and curlier the hair, the more respect it earns from its peers."
47,parasect,"this Pokémon are known to infest the roots of large trees en masse and drain nutrients. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once."
139,omastar,A prehistoric POKéMON that died out when itsheavy shell made it impossible to catch prey.
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer.
598,ferrothorn,"This Pokémon scrapes its spikes across rocks, and then uses the tips of its feelers to absorb the nutrients it finds within the stone."
166,ledian,The spot patterns on its back grow larger or smaller depending on the number of stars in the night sky.
161,sentret,"They take turns standing guard when it is time to sleep. The sentry awakens the others if it senses danger. If one becomes separated, it turns sleepless with fear."
729,brionne,It attacks by smacking its enemies with the exploding water balloons that it creates.
135,jolteon,"By storing electricity in its body, it can shoot its bristlelike fur like a barrage of missiles."
43,oddish,"It may be mistaken for a clump of weeds. If you tryto yank it out of the ground, it shrieks horribly."
293,whismur,"Normally, this Pokémon’s voice is very quiet - it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention.However, if this POKéMON senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume."
282,gardevoir,It unleashes psychokinetic energy at full power when protecting a Trainer it has bonded closely with.
406,budew,It lives alongside clear ponds. It scatters pollen that induces harsh sneezing and runny noses.
697,tyrantrum,A single bite of this Pokémon’s massive jaws will demolish a car. This Pokémon was the king of the ancient world.
377,regirock,It is entirely composed of rocks with no sign of a brain or heart. It is a mystery even to modern scientists.
76,golem,"Even dynamite can’t harm its hard, boulderlike body. It sheds its hide just once a year."
36,clefable,It is very wary and rarely shows itself to people. Its ears can hear a pin drop over half a mile away.
684,swirlix,"Because it eats nothing but sweets, its fur is as sticky sweet as cotton candy."
786,tapu-lele,This guardian deity of Akala is guilelessly cruel. The fragrant aroma of flowers is the source of its energy.
426,drifblim,It can generate and release gas within its body. That’s how it can control the altitude of its drift.
353,shuppet,It loves vengeful emotions and hangs in rows under the eaves of houses where vengeful people live.
222,corsola,Many live in the clean seas of the south. They apparently can’t live in polluted waters.
115,kangaskhan,It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
11,metapod,"Hardens its shell to protect itself. However, a large impact may cause it to pop out of its shell."
23,ekans,It sneaks through grass without making a sound and strikes unsuspecting prey from behind.
584,vanilluxe,People believe this Pokémon formed when two Vanillish stuck together. Its body temperature is roughly 21 degrees Fahrenheit.
343,baltoy,Depictions of Pokémon similar to this Pokémon have been found on the walls of caves where primitive humans lived.
354,banette,this Pokémon generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking pins into its own body.This POKéMON was originally a pitiful plush doll that was thrown away.
532,timburr,These Pokémon appear at building sites and help out with construction. They always carry squared logs.
508,stoutland,This extremely wise Pokémon excels at rescuing people stranded at sea or in the mountains.
434,stunky,"It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away."
267,beautifly,"It has an aggressive nature. It stabs prey with its long, narrow mouth to drain the prey’s fluids."
100,voltorb,this Pokémon was first sighted at a company that manufactures Poké Balls. The link between that sighting and the fact that this Pokémon looks very similar to a Poké Ball remains a mystery.
294,loudred,It positions the round speakers on its head to assail foes with ultrasonic waves at massive volume. It builds power by stomping the ground.
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can’t help breaking out into a dance."
308,medicham,It gains the ability to see the aura of its opponents by honing its mind through starvation.
130,gyarados,"Once it begins to rampage, a this Pokémon will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm."
739,crabrawler,"While guarding its weak points with its pincers, it looks for an opening and unleashes punches. When it loses, it foams at the mouth and faints."
633,deino,"Lacking sight, it’s unaware of its surroundings, so it bumps into things and eats anything that moves."
163,hoothoot,"It marks time precisely. Some countries consider it to be a wise friend, versed in the world’s ways."
369,relicanth,A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.
415,combee,"This Pokémon is a set of three. When they sleep, they gather up and form a giant hive of 100 this Pokémon."
219,magcargo,Its brittle shell occasionally spouts intense flames that circulate throughout its body.
247,pupitar,this Pokémon creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very durable—it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel.
619,mienfoo,They seclude themselves in the mountains and devote themselves to training. The form of their kicks and chops differs from pack to pack.
312,minun,Its dislike of water makes it take shelter under the eaves of houses in rain. It uses pom-poms made of sparks for cheering.
472,gliscor,"If it succeeds in catching even a faint breeze properly, it can circle the globe without flapping once."
63,abra,"Using its ability to read minds, it will identifyimpending danger and TELEPORT to safety."
633,deino,"Lacking sight, it’s unaware of its surroundings, so it bumps into things and eats anything that moves."
54,psyduck,"When its headache intensifies, it starts using strange powers. However, it has no recollection of its powers, so it always looks befuddled and bewildered."
124,jynx,It speaks using a language that sounds human. Research is under way to determine what is being said.
263,zigzagoon,"A POKéMON with abundant curiosity. It shows an interest in everything, so it always zigs and zags."
577,solosis,"Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they are fine in any environment, no matter how severe."
160,feraligatr,"this Pokémon intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hardwith its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed."
881,arctozolt,The shaking of its freezing upper half is what generates its electricity. It has a hard time walking around.
112,rhydon,this Pokémon’s horn can crush even uncut diamonds. One sweeping blow of its tail can topple a building. This Pokémon’s hide is extremely tough. Even direct cannon hits don’t leave a scratch.
180,flaaffy,this Pokémon’s wool quality changes so that it can generate a high amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool.The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.
77,ponyta,this Pokémon is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This POKéMON becomes stronger bystumbling and falling to keep up with its parent.
694,helioptile,"They make their home in deserts. They can generate their energy from basking in the sun, so eating food is not a requirement."
142,aerodactyl,A Pokémon from the age of the dinosaurs. It used its sawlike fangs to shred its prey before eating them.
163,hoothoot,"It marks time precisely. Some countries consider it to be a wise friend, versed in the world’s ways."
461,weavile,It lives in snowy regions. It carves patterns in trees with its claws as a signal to others.
160,feraligatr,"It usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey."
30,nidorina,"When it senses danger, it raises all the barbs on its body. These barbs grow slower than NIDORINO’s."
552,krokorok,"this Pokémon really hates it when its body gets cold. On nights when the temperature drops, it digs deep into the desert sands."
195,quagsire,It has an easygoing nature. It doesn’t care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming.
194,wooper,"this Pokémon usually lives in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food. On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film."
30,nidorina,"When resting deep in its burrow, its thorns alwaysretract. This is proof that it is relaxed."
191,sunkern,It lives by drinking only dewdrops from under the leaves of plants. It is said that it eats nothing else.
302,sableye,"It feeds on gemstone crystals. In darkness, its eyes sparkle with the glitter of jewels."
385,jirachi,"A legend states that this Pokémon will make true any wish that is written on notes attached to its head when it awakens.If this POKéMON senses danger, it will fight without awakening."
566,archen,"Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, they were unable to fly and moved about by hopping from one branch to another."
155,cyndaquil,"It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously."
211,qwilfish,"this Pokémon sucks in water, inflating itself. This POKéMON uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoottoxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming somewhat challenging."
49,venomoth,"The powder on its wings is poisonous if it is dark in hue. If it is light in hue, it causes paralysis."
205,forretress,It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
572,minccino,this Pokémon greet each other by grooming one another thoroughly with their tails.
129,magikarp,"In the distant past, they were fairly strong, but they have become gradually weaker over time."
22,fearow,"With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest."
391,monferno,It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance.
795,pheromosa,"Although it’s alien to this world and a danger here, it’s apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives."
70,weepinbell,The leafy parts act as cutters for slashing foes. It spits a fluid that dissolves everything.
360,wynaut,It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
78,rapidash,"When at an all-out gallop, its blazing mane sparkles, enhancing its beautiful appearance."
368,gorebyss,"It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason."
145,zapdos,A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. It freely controls lightning bolts.
51,dugtrio,"Its three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles."
67,machoke,"It always goes at its full power, but this very tough and durable Pokémon never gets tired."
628,braviary,"For the sake of its friends, this brave warrior of the sky will not stop battling, even if injured."
149,dragonite,"This Pokémon saved a shipwrecked man, taking him to a remote island—a paradise occupied solely by this Pokémon."
8,wartortle,"It is recognized as a symbol of longevity. If itsshell has algae on it, that this Pokémon is very old."
18,pidgeot,"This POKéMON has a dazzling plumage of beautifully glossy feathers. Many TRAINERS are captivated by thestriking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling them to choose this Pokémon as their POKéMON."
111,rhyhorn,"A POKéMON with a one-track mind. Once it charges, it won't stop running until it falls asleep."
161,sentret,"It stands on its tail so it can see a long way. If it spots an enemy, it cries loudly to warn its kind."
344,claydol,"this Pokémon is an enigma that appeared from a clay statue made by an ancient civilization dating back 20,000 years. This Pokémon shoots beams from both its hands."
95,onix,"Opening its large mouth, it ingests massive amounts of soil and creates long tunnels."
153,bayleef,A spicy aroma ema­ nates from around its neck. Thearoma acts as a stimulant to re­ store health.
361,snorunt,It is said that several this Pokémon gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony.
186,politoed,"Whenever three or more of these get together, they sing in a loud voice that sounds like bellowing."
110,weezing,"It lives and grows by absorbing dust, germs and poisongases that are contained in toxic waste and garbage."
149,dragonite,It is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore.
802,marshadow,"It sinks into the shadows of people and Pokémon, where it can understand their feelings and copy their capabilities."
206,dunsparce,This Pokémon’s tiny wings have some scientists saying that this Pokémon used to fly through the sky in ancient times.
274,nuzleaf,The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
126,magmar,"In battle, this Pokémon blows out intensely hot flames from all over its body to intimidate its opponent. This Pokémon’s fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in its surroundings."
74,geodude,"Commonly found near mountain trails and the like. If you step on one by accident, it gets angry."
508,stoutland,Being wrapped in its long fur is so comfortable that a person would be fine even overnight on a wintry mountain.
513,pansear,This Pokémon lives in caves in volcanoes. The fire within the tuft on its head can reach 600 degrees Fahrenheit.
94,gengar,"Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you. It is actually a this Pokémon running past you, pretending to be your shadow."
230,kingdra,Scales shed by this Pokémon have such a splendorous gleam to them that they’ve been given to royalty as gifts.
516,simipour,"It prefers places with clean water. When its tuft runs low, it replenishes it by siphoning up water with its tail."
390,chimchar,"It is very agile. Before going to sleep, it extinguishes the flame on its tail to prevent fires."
19,rattata,"Living wherever there is food available, it ceaselessly scavenges for edibles the entire day."
730,primarina,Its singing voice is its chief weapon in battle. This Pokémon’s Trainer must prioritize the daily maintenance of its throat at all costs.
33,nidorino,It’s nervous and quick to act aggressively. The potency of its poison increases along with the level of adrenaline present in its body.
464,rhyperior,"From holes in its palms, it fires out GEODUDE. Its carapace can withstand volcanic eruptions."
321,wailord,It is the largest of all identified Pokémon. They jump as a pack to herd their prey.
551,sandile,They live hidden under hot desert sands in order to keep their body temperature from dropping.
44,gloom,"Smells incredibly foul! However, around one out of a thousand people enjoy sniffing its nose-bending stink."
5,charmeleon,"When it swings its burning tail, it elevates the air temperature to unbearably high levels."
146,moltres,One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring.
209,snubbull,Its growls make its opponents uneasy. This laid-back Pokémon tends to sleep half the day.
224,octillery,"this Pokémon grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This POKéMON tries to immobilize it before delivering thefinishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, this Pokémon spews ink to escape."
359,absol,It has the ability to foretell natural disasters. Its life span is over a hundred years.
78,rapidash,"Very competitive, this POKéMON will chase anything that moves fast in the hopes of racing it."
625,bisharp,It leads a group of Pawniard. this Pokémon doesn’t even change its expression when it deals the finishing blow to an opponent.
516,simipour,"The high-pressure water expelled from its tail is so powerful, it can destroy a concrete wall."
463,lickilicky,It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to it will leave you soaked with drool.
207,gligar,"It usually clings to cliffs. When it spots its prey, itspreads its wings and glides down to attack."
35,clefairy,"Adored for their cute looks and playfulness. They are thought to be rare, as they do not appear often."
117,seadra,An examination of its cells revealed the presence of a gene not found in HORSEA. It became a hot topic.
355,duskull,"It doggedly pursues its prey wherever it goes. However, the chase is abandoned at sunrise."
444,gabite,"As it digs to expand its nest, it habitually digs up gems that it then hoards in its nest."
621,druddigon,"It warms its body by absorbing sunlight with its wings. When its body temperature falls, it can no longer move."
103,exeggutor,"this Pokémon originally came from the tropics. Its heads steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. It is said that when the heads fall off, they group together to form Exeggcute."
120,staryu,"As long as the center section is unharmed, this Pokémon can grow back fully even if it is chopped to bits."
296,makuhita,It toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest.
72,tentacool,"this Pokémon’s body is largely composed of water. If it is removed from the sea, it dries up like parchment. If this Pokémon happens to become dehydrated, put it back into the sea."
18,pidgeot,"This Pokémon has a dazzling plumage of beautifully glossy feathers. Many Trainers are captivated by the striking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling them to choose this Pokémon as their Pokémon."
362,glalie,It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere. It uses this power to freeze its foes.
488,cresselia,"On nights around the quarter moon, the aurora from its tail extends and undulates beautifully."
9,blastoise,It firmly plants its feet on the ground beforeshooting water from the jets on its back.
324,torkoal,You find abandoned coal mines full of them. They dig tirelessly in search of coal.
134,vaporeon,"Its cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can’t be seen when it melts away into water."
639,terrakion,"In Unovan legend, this Pokémon battled against humans in an effort to protect other Pokémon."
644,zekrom,"Mythology tells us that if people lose the righteousness in their hearts, their kingdoms will be razed by this Pokémon’s lightning."
623,golurk,It is said that this Pokémon were ordered to protect people and Pokémon by the ancient people who made them.
102,exeggcute,"If even one is separated from the group, the energybond between the six will make them rejoin instantly."
556,maractus,It uses an up-tempo song and dance to drive away the bird Pokémon that prey on its flower seeds.
154,meganium,"The fragrance of this Pokémon’s flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this Pokémon gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe’s fighting spirit."
141,kabutops,A slim and fast swimmer. It slices its prey with its sharp sickles and drinks the body fluids.
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
475,gallade,"A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows."
354,banette,"Strong feelings of hatred turned a puppet into a POKéMON. If it opens its mouth, its cursed energy escapes."
93,haunter,"Because of its ability to slip through block walls, it is said to be from another dimension."
329,vibrava,"It violently shudders its wings, generating ultrasonic waves to induce headaches in people."
438,bonsly,It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level.
146,moltres,"It’s one of the legendary bird Pokémon. When this Pokémon flaps its flaming wings, they glimmer with a dazzling red glow."
99,kingler,"One claw grew massively and is as hard as steel. It has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, it is too heavy."
231,phanpy,It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
92,gastly,"Almost invisible, this gaseous POKéMON cloaks the target and puts it to sleep without notice."
114,tangela,It tangles any moving thing with its vines. Theirsubtle shaking is ticklish if you get ensnared.
443,gible,"It attacks using its huge mouth. While its attacks are powerful, it hurts itself out of clumsiness, too."
293,whismur,"this Pokémon is very timid. If it starts to cry loudly, it becomes startled by its own crying and cries even harder.When it finally stops crying, the POKéMON goes to sleep, all tired out."
207,gligar,"It glides without making a single sound. It grasps the face of its foe using its hind and large front claws, then stabs with its poison barb."
320,wailmer,"On sunny days, it lands on beaches to bounce like a ball and play. It spouts water from its nose."
771,pyukumuku,The tradition known as this Pokémon chucking started from the custom of throwing this Pokémon back into the sea after they wash onshore.
181,ampharos,this Pokémon gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used the light of this Pokémon to send signals back and forth with others far away.
329,vibrava,"It violently shudders its wings, generating ultrasonic waves to induce headaches in people."
139,omastar,"Once wrapped around its prey, it never lets go. It eats the prey by tearing at it with sharp fangs."
561,sigilyph,"The guardians of an ancient city, they always fly the same route while keeping watch for invaders."
629,vullaby,"Its wings are too tiny to allow it to fly. As the time approaches for it to evolve, it discards the bones it was wearing."
305,lairon,"For food, it digs up iron ore. It smashes its steely body against others to fight over territory."
524,roggenrola,"Its ear is hexagonal in shape. Compressed underground, its body is as hard as steel."
185,sudowoodo,"this Pokémon camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because its hands remain green throughout the year, the Pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter."
196,espeon,Its fur has the look and feel of velvet. The orb on its forehead glows when it uses psycho-power.
420,cherubi,"Sunlight colors it red. When the small ball is drained of nutrients, it shrivels to herald evolution."
751,dewpider,"It can only breathe oxygen that has dissolved in water, so it wears a water bubble on its head when it walks around on land."
604,eelektross,They crawl out of the ocean using their arms. They will attack prey on shore and immediately drag it into the ocean.
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
167,spinarak,It sets a trap by spinning a web with thin but strong silk. It waits motionlessly for prey to arrive.
587,emolga,They live on treetops and glide using the inside of a cape-like membrane while discharging electricity.
36,clefable,"It has an acute sense of hearing. It can easily hear a pin being dropped nearly 1,100 yards away."
484,palkia,A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that space becomes more stable with this Pokémon’s every breath.
725,litten,It doesn’t allow its emotions to be easily seen. Earning its trust takes time. It prefers solitude.
356,dusclops,Its body is hollow. It is said that those who look into its body are sucked into the void.
65,alakazam,"It is said to have an IQ of approximately 5,000. Its overflowing psychokinetic powers cause headaches to anyone nearby."
13,weedle,Beware of the sharp stinger on its head. Ithides in grass and bushes where it eats leaves.
8,wartortle,It cleverly controls its furry ears and tail to maintain its balance while swimming.
215,sneasel,this Pokémon scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. This Pokémon seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
684,swirlix,"It eats its own weight in sugar every day. If it doesn’t get enough sugar, it becomes incredibly grumpy."
446,munchlax,It conceals food under the long fur on its body. It carts around this food stash and swallows it without chewing.
337,lunatone,The phase of the moon apparently has some effect on its power. It’s active on the night of a full moon.
84,doduo,"Its short wings make flying difficult. Instead, this Pokémon runs at high speed on developed legs."
308,medicham,"It elegantly avoids attacks with dance- like steps, then launches a devastating blow in the same motion."
357,tropius,The bunch of fruit around its neck ripens twice a year and is delicious. It’s a highly favored tropical snack.
21,spearow,"It flaps its small wings busily to fly. Using its beak, it searches in grass for prey."
54,psyduck,"Using psychokinesis gives it a headache, so it normally passes the time spacing out and doing as little as possible."
195,quagsire,It has an easygoing nature. It doesn’t care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming.
74,geodude,"Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking themfor boulders, people often step or trip on them."
370,luvdisc,"During the spawning season, countless this Pokémon congregate at coral reefs, turning the waters pink."
884,duraludon,"The special metal that composes its body is very light, so this Pokémon has considerable agility. It lives in caves because it dislikes the rain."
132,ditto,"Its transformation ability is perfect. However, if made to laugh, it can’t maintain its disguise."
487,giratina,"This Pokémon is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours, where common knowledge is distorted and strange."
91,cloyster,"Once it slams its shell shut, it is impossible to open, even by those with superior strength."
812,rillaboom,The one with the best drumming techniques becomes the boss of the troop. It has a gentle disposition and values harmony among its group.
181,ampharos,The tail's tip shines brightly and can be seenfrom far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people.
300,skitty,"A this Pokémon’s adorably cute behavior makes it highly popular. In battle, it makes its tail puff out. It threatens foes with a sharp growl."
469,yanmega,It prefers to battle by biting apart foes’ heads instantly while flying by at high speed.
486,regigigas,"It is said to have made Pokémon that look like itself from a special ice mountain, rocks, and magma."
119,seaking,It is the male’s job to make a nest by carving out boulders in a stream using the horn on its head.
476,probopass,It freely controls three small units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force.
456,finneon,"After long exposure to sunlight, the patterns on its tail fins shine vividly when darkness arrives."
81,magnemite,"The faster the units at its sides rotate, the greater the magnetic force they generate."
126,magmar,"When it breathes deeply, heat waves form around its body, making it hard to see clearly."
610,axew,"They mark their territory by leaving gashes in trees with their tusks. If a tusk breaks, a new one grows in quickly."
29,nidoran-f,"While it does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from barbs can be fatal."
70,weepinbell,"When it's hungry, it swings its razor-sharpleaves, slicing up any unlucky object nearby for food."
552,krokorok,They live in groups of a few individuals. Protective membranes shield their eyes from sandstorms.
3,venusaur,The flower on its back catches the sun’s rays. The sunlight is then absorbed and used for energy.
189,jumpluff,this Pokémon rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The Pokémon descends to the ground when it encounters cold air while it is floating.
368,gorebyss,"It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason."
664,scatterbug,"When under attack from bird Pokémon, it spews a poisonous black powder that causes paralysis on contact."
459,snover,"During cold seasons, it migrates to the mountain’s lower reaches. It returns to the snow-covered summit in the spring."
91,cloyster,"Its shell is extremely hard. It cannot be shattered, even with a bomb. The shell opens only when it is attacking."
29,nidoran-f,"Nidoran♀ has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn."
154,meganium,"The fragrance of this Pokémon’s flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this POKéMON gives off moreof its becalming scent to blunt the foe’s fighting spirit."
129,magikarp,"For no reason, it jumps and splashes about, making iteasy for predators like PIDGEOTTO to catch it mid-jump."
211,qwilfish,"To fire its poison spikes, it must inflate its body by drinking over 2.6 gallons of water all at once."
48,venonat,Lives in the shadows of tall trees where it eats bugs. It is attracted by light at night.
384,rayquaza,It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
96,drowzee,Puts enemies to sleep then eats their dreams.Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams.
370,luvdisc,this Pokémon live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped POKéMON earned its name by swimming afterloving couples it spotted in the ocean’s waves.
674,pancham,"It does its level best to glare and pull a scary face, but it can’t help grinning if anyone pats its head."
718,zygarde,"When the Kalos region’s ecosystem falls into disarray, it appears and reveals its secret power."
614,beartic,"It can make its breath freeze at will. Very able in the water, it swims around in northern seas and catches prey."
601,klinklang,Its red core functions as an energy tank. It fires the charged energy through its spikes into an area.
228,houndour,It is smart enough to hunt in packs. It uses a variety of cries for communicating with others.
2,ivysaur,"There is a plant bulb on its back. When it absorbs nutrients, the bulb is said to blossom into a large flower."
336,seviper,this Pokémon shares a generations-long feud with Zangoose. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles. This Pokémon attacks using its sword-edged tail.
512,simisage,It strikes its enemies with a thorn-covered tail. The leaf on its head is bitter.
348,armaldo,"Its enormous, retractable claws can cut through most anything. Its entire body is clad in sturdy plates."
457,lumineon,It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins.
233,porygon2,"Even though it doesn’t die in the vacuum of space, it can’t move around very well in zero gravity."
446,munchlax,"In its desperation to gulp down food, it forgets about the food it has hidden under its fur."
137,porygon,A man-made Pokémon created using advanced scientific means. It can move freely in cyberspace.
91,cloyster,It fights by keeping its shell tightly shut for protection and by shooting spikes to repel foes.
296,makuhita,It toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest.
225,delibird,It carries food all day long. There are talesabout lost people who were saved by the food it had.
166,ledian,"It uses starlight as energy. When more stars appear at night, the patterns on its back grow larger."
180,flaaffy,"It stores electricity in its fluffy fleece. If it stores up too much, it will start to go bald in those patches."
134,vaporeon,this Pokémon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow them to live underwater. They have the ability to freely control water.
80,slowbro,"When a Slowpoke went hunting in the sea, its tail was bitten by a Shellder. That made it evolve into this Pokémon."
200,misdreavus,"It likes playing mischievous tricks, such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night."
357,tropius,Children of the southern tropics eat as snacks the fruit that grows in bunches around the neck of this Pokémon. This Pokémon flies by flapping the leaves on its back as if they were wings.
93,haunter,It likes to lurk in the dark and tap shoulders with a gaseous hand. Its touch causes endless shuddering.
362,glalie,A this Pokémon has the power to instantaneously freeze moisture in the atmosphere. A dazzling cloud of diamondlike ice crystals forms around its body.
424,ambipom,"To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. It rarely uses its arms now."
84,doduo,The brains in its two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power.
601,klinklang,"From its spikes, it launches powerful blasts of electricity. Its red core contains an enormous amount of energy."
272,ludicolo,"The rhythm of bright, festive music activates this Pokémon’s cells, making it more powerful."
130,gyarados,"It fires hyper beams in all directions, burning the surrounding area to ash. There are some regions where it’s called “the deity of destruction.”"
369,relicanth,A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.
323,camerupt,"A POKéMON that lives in the crater of a volcano. Every 10 years, the volcanoes on its back erupt violently. Research is under way on the cause of eruption."
348,armaldo,It went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor.
170,chinchou,It shoots positive and negative elec­ tricity betweenthe tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies.
646,kyurem,"It generates a powerful, freezing energy inside itself, but its body became frozen when the energy leaked out."
268,cascoon,"this Pokémon makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silkgoes around its body, it hardens. This POKéMON prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon."
75,graveler,"It travels by rol­ ling on mountain paths. If it gainstoo much speed, it stops by running into huge rocks."
182,bellossom,"Plentiful in the tropics. When it dances, its petalsrub together and make a pleasant ringing sound."
132,ditto,"It transforms into whatever it sees. If the thing it’s transforming into isn’t right in front of it, this Pokémon relies on its memory—so sometimes it fails."
479,rotom,Its body is composed of plasma. It is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc.
73,tentacruel,this Pokémon has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast. This Pokémon’s outburst creates rough waves around it.
97,hypno,"While it is an extremely dangerous Pokémon, people who are in need of a good, sound sleep call it their savior."
253,grovyle,"It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch."
646,kyurem,"It generates a powerful, freezing energy inside itself, but its body became frozen when the energy leaked out."
19,rattata,"Cautious in the extreme, its hardy vitality lets it live in any kind of environment."
627,rufflet,"Known as a natural-born warrior, soon after its hatching, it will challenge its parent to a fight in order to gain their acceptance."
352,kecleon,It changes body color to blend in with its surroundings. It also changes color if it is happy or sad.
200,misdreavus,"It loves to sneak up on people late at night, then startle them with its shrieklike cry."
7,squirtle,"The shell, which hardens soon after it is born, isresilient. If you poke it, it will bounce back out."
23,ekans,"It always hides in grass. When first born, it has no poison, so its bite is painful, but harmless."
315,roselia,this Pokémon shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent that tries to steal the flowers on its arms.The aroma of this POKéMON brings serenity to living things.
326,grumpig,It uses black pearls to amplify its psychic power. It does a strange dance to control foes’ minds.
577,solosis,"It communicates with others telepathically. Its body is encapsulated in liquid, but if it takes a heavy blow, the liquid will leak out."
174,igglybuff,"It’s always practicing its singing because it wants to improve. Even when it’s asleep, it keeps singing in its dreams!"
40,wigglytuff,"this Pokémon’s body is very flexible. By inhaling deeply, this POKéMON can inflate itself seemingly without end.Once inflated, this Pokémon bounces along lightly like a balloon."
419,floatzel,It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people.
410,shieldon,It habitually polishes its face by rubbing it against tree trunks. It is weak to attacks from behind.
544,whirlipede,"Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies."
371,bagon,Its steel-hard head can shatter boulders. It longingly hopes for wings to grow so it can fly.
62,poliwrath,this Pokémon in the Alola region are strong swimmers that use the breaststroke. Many children learn to swim by imitating this Pokémon.
361,snorunt,"They tend to move about in groups of around five this Pokémon. In snowy regions, it is said that when they are seen late at night, snowfall will arrive by morning."
323,camerupt,"It has volcanoes on its back. If magma builds up in its body, it shudders, then erupts violently."
124,jynx,"this Pokémon walks rhythmically, swaying and shaking its hips as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without giving any thought to what they are doing."
224,octillery,"It traps enemies with its suction-cupped tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head."
201,unown,"Its flat, thin body is always stuck on walls. Its shape appears to have some meaning."
451,skorupi,"It attacks using the claws on its tail. Once locked in its grip, its prey is unable to move as this Pokémon’s poison seeps in."
628,braviary,They fight for their friends without any thought about danger to themselves. One can carry a car while flying.
152,chikorita,A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its head. It is docile and loves to soak up sunrays.
318,carvanha,They swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls.
358,chimecho,Its cries echo inside its hollow body to emerge as beautiful notes for startling and repelling foes.
29,nidoran-f,"Females are more sensitive to smells than males. While foraging, they’ll use their whiskers to check wind direction and stay downwind of predators."
84,doduo,A bird that makes up for its poor flying with its fast foot speed. Leaves giant footprints.
831,wooloo,"Its curly fleece is such an effective cushion that this Pokémon could fall off a cliff and stand right back up at the bottom, unharmed."
299,nosepass,"When endangered, it may protect itself by raising its magnetism and drawing iron objects to its body."
679,honedge,"If anyone dares to grab its hilt, it wraps a blue cloth around that person’s arm and drains that person’s life energy completely."
645,landorus,"The energy that comes pouring from its tail increases the nutrition in the soil, making crops grow to great size."
598,ferrothorn,"They attach themselves to cave ceilings, firing steel spikes at targets passing beneath them."
343,baltoy,It moves by spinning on its foot. It is a rare Pokémon that was discovered in ancient ruins.
192,sunflora,this Pokémon converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm.It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night.
280,ralts,It uses the horns on its head to sense human emotions. It is said to appear in front of cheerful people.
3,venusaur,A bewitching aroma wafts from its flower. The fragrance becalms those engaged in a battle.
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack of around ten. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork.
240,magby,"It’s small, but its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees F. Embers escape its mouth and nose when it breathes."
381,latios,"It has a docile temperament and dislikes fighting. Tucking in its forelegs, it can fly faster than a jet plane."
68,machamp,It unleashes megaton-level punches that send opponents flying clear over the horizon.
64,kadabra,It emits special alpha waves from its body thatinduce headaches just by being close by.
13,weedle,this Pokémon has an extremely acute sense of smell. It is capable of distinguishing itsfavorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes just by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose).
187,hoppip,"This POKéMON drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, this Pokémon links its leaveswith other this Pokémon to prepare against being blown away."
311,plusle,It absorbs electricity from telephone poles. It shorts out its body to create crackling noises.
528,swoobat,Anyone who comes into contact with the ultrasonic waves emitted by a courting male experiences a positive mood shift.
292,shedinja,A most peculiar Pokémon that somehow appears in a Poké Ball when a Nincada evolves.
163,hoothoot,"It has an internal organ that senses the earth’s rotation. Using this special organ, a this Pokémon begins hooting at precisely the same time every day."
318,carvanha,They swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls.
506,lillipup,The long hair around its face provides an amazing radar that lets it sense subtle changes in its surroundings.
317,swalot,It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
115,kangaskhan,The female raises its offspring in a pouch on its belly. It is skilled at attacking using COMET PUNCH.
239,elekid,"If it touches metal and discharges the electricity it has stored in its body, an this Pokémon begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself."
154,meganium,Its breath has the fantastic ability to revive dead plants and flowers.
105,marowak,"When this Pokémon evolved, the skull of its mother fused to it. this Pokémon’s temperament also turned vicious at the same time."
229,houndoom,"Identifiable by its eerie howls, people a long time ago thought it was the grim reaper and feared it."
11,metapod,"Its shell is hard, but it’s still just a bug shell. It’s been known to break, so intense battles with it should be avoided."
228,houndour,this Pokémon hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokémon’s remarkable teamwork is unparalleled.
304,aron,It eats iron to build its steel body. It is a pest that descends from mountains to eat bridges and train tracks.
692,clauncher,"By detonating gas that accumulates in its right claw, this Pokémon launches water like a bullet. This is how this Pokémon defeats its enemies."
299,nosepass,"this Pokémon had been said to be completely unmoving, with its magnetic nose pointed due north.However, close observation has revealed that the POKéMON actually moves by a little over 3/8 of an inch every year."
146,moltres,This legendary POKéMON scatters embers with everyflap of its wings. It is a thrilling sight to behold.
313,volbeat,"It lives around clean ponds. At night, its rear lights up. It converses with others by flashing its light."
371,bagon,"this Pokémon harbors a never-ending dream of one day soaring high among the clouds. As if trying to dispel its frustrationover its inability to fly, this POKéMON slams its hard head against huge rocks and shatters them into pebbles."
288,vigoroth,"It is always hungry because it won’t stop rampaging. Even while it is eating, it can’t keep still."
121,starmie,"At the center of its body is a red core, which sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky."
279,pelipper,It scoops up Wishiwashi in its huge beak and swallows them whole. It can devour more than 30 at one go!
87,dewgong,"Its entire body is a snowy white. Unharmed by even intense cold, it swims powerfully in icy waters."
239,elekid,"It’s not good at storing electricity yet. This Pokémon sneaks into people’s homes, looking for electrical outlets to eat electricity from."
93,haunter,"Its tongue is made of gas. If licked, its victim starts shaking constantly until death eventually comes."
165,ledyba,this Pokémon communicate using a fluid that they secrete from where the legs join the body. They are said to convey feelings to others by altering the fluid’s scent.
461,weavile,They communicate by clawing signs in boulders and work together to surround enemies.
382,kyogre,This POKéMON is said to have expanded the sea by bringing heavy rains. It has the power to control water.
175,togepi,A proverb claims that happiness will come to anyone who can make a sleeping this Pokémon stand up.
299,nosepass,Its magnetic nose always faces north and draws iron objects to its body to protect itself better.
179,mareep,"Its fleece grows continually. In the summer, the fleece is fully shed, but it grows back in a week."
199,slowking,"It has incredible intellect and intuition. Whatever the situation, it remains calm and collected."
108,lickitung,"It licks filth clean with its tongue. Whatever it licks always stinks afterward, so whether it’s really clean is...questionable."
343,baltoy,A this Pokémon moves by spinning on its single foot. It has been depicted in murals adorning the walls of a once-bustling city in an ancient age.
131,lapras,"Able to understand human speech and very intelligent, it loves to swim in the sea with people on its back."
619,mienfoo,"They can often be seen in packs in the morning, slowly moving their bodies through a series of poses."
45,vileplume,"The bud bursts into bloom with a bang. It thenstarts scattering allergenic, poi­ sonous pollen."
294,loudred,The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
742,cutiefly,this Pokémon can pick up the auras of living things. It skillfully reads those auras to predict its foes’ movements and make fools of them.
734,yungoos,"Its stomach takes up most of its long torso. It’s a big eater, so the amount Trainers have to spend on its food is no laughing matter."
436,bronzor,Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related.
80,slowbro,"Shellder, in its greed to suck out more and more sweetness from this Pokémon’s tail, has metamorphosed into a spiral-shaped shell."
869,alcremie,"When this Pokémon is content, the cream it secretes from its hands becomes sweeter and richer."
350,milotic,this Pokémon has provided inspiration to many artists. It has even been referred to as the most beautiful Pokémon of all.
123,scyther,Leaps out of tall grass and slices prey with itsscythes. The move­ ment looks like that of a ninja.
139,omastar,"this Pokémon’s sharp fangs could crush rock, but the Pokémon can attack only the prey that come within reach of its tentacles."
312,minun,this Pokémon is more concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in itsbody to create brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates.
728,popplio,The balloons it inflates with its nose grow larger and larger as it practices day by day.
789,cosmog,Its body is gaseous and frail. It slowly grows as it collects dust from the atmosphere.
116,horsea,Known to shoot down flying bugs with precision blasts of ink from the surface of the water.
148,dragonair,"If its body takes on an aura, the weather changes instantly. It is said to live in seas and lakes."
38,ninetales,"According to an enduring legend, nine noble saints were united and reincarnated as this Pokémon."
394,prinplup,It lives a solitary life. Its wings deliver wicked blows that can snap even the thickest of trees.
598,ferrothorn,It fights by swinging around its three spiky feelers. A hit from these steel spikes can reduce a boulder to rubble.
719,diancie,It can instantly create many diamonds by compressing the carbon in the air between its hands.
110,weezing,"By diluting its toxic gases with a special process, the highest grade of perfume can be extracted. To this Pokémon, gases emanating from garbage are the ultimate feast."
147,dratini,This Pokémon was long considered to be no more than a myth. The small lump on a this Pokémon’s forehead is actually a horn that’s still coming in.
139,omastar,A prehistoric POKéMON that died out when itsheavy shell made it impossible to catch prey.
120,staryu,"As long as its red core remains, it can regenerate its body instantly, even if it’s torn apart."
25,pikachu,"This forest-dwelling Pokémon stores electricity in its cheeks, so you’ll feel a tingly shock if you touch it."
5,charmeleon,"this Pokémon mercilessly destroys its foes using its sharp claws. If it encounters a strong foe, it turnsaggressive. In this excited state, the flame at the tip of its tail flares with a bluish white color."
68,machamp,"this Pokémon has the power to hurl anything aside. However, trying to do any work requiring care and dexterity causes its arms to get tangled. This Pokémon tends to leap into action before it thinks."
155,cyndaquil,"It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously."
353,shuppet,It loves to feed on feelings like envy and malice. Its upright horn catches the emotions of people.
220,swinub,It loves eating mushrooms that grow under dead grass. It also finds hot springs while foraging.
232,donphan,"It attacks by curling up, then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit."
578,duosion,"Since they have two divided brains, at times they suddenly try to take two different actions at once."
286,breloom,It scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores.
745,lycanroc,"When properly raised from a young age, it will become a trustworthy partner that will absolutely never betray its Trainer."
417,pachirisu,A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity.
345,lileep,It disguises itself as seaweed by making its tentacles sway. Unsuspecting prey that come too close are swallowed whole. It became extinct 100 million years ago.
181,ampharos,The tip of its tail shines so brightly it can be used to send sea-navigation beacons to distant foreign shores.
302,sableye,It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
159,croconaw,"Once it bites down, it won’t let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place."
172,pichu,"The electric sacs in its cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked."
401,kricketot,"Its legs are short. Whenever it stumbles, its stiff antennae clack with a xylophone-like sound."
268,cascoon,"It never forgets any attack it endured while in the cocoon. After evolution, it seeks payback."
143,snorlax,"Its stomach can digest any kind of food, even if it happens to be moldy or rotten."
203,girafarig,"Its tail, which also contains a small brain, may bite on its own if it notices an alluring smell."
547,whimsicott,"this Pokémon doesn’t live in a fixed location. It floats around on whirling winds, appearing all over the place to perform its mischief."
643,reshiram,"This Pokémon appears in legends. It sends flames into the air from its tail, burning up everything around it."
192,sunflora,"In the daytime, it rushes about in a hectic manner, but it comes to a complete stop when the sun sets."
206,dunsparce,"When it sees a person, it digs a hole with its tail to make its escape. If you happen to find one, consider yourself lucky."
40,wigglytuff,"this Pokémon has large, saucerlike eyes. The surfaces of its eyes are always covered with a thin layer of tears. If any dust gets in this Pokémon’s eyes, it is quickly washed away."
303,mawile,"Its giant jaws are actually steel horns that transformed. It fools foes into complacency with its adorable gestures, then chomps them with its huge jaws."
324,torkoal,"If the fire burning within its shell goes out, it will die. Those who wish to raise one in their home must always keep something flammable at hand."
4,charmander,"The flame on its tail shows the strength of itslife force. If it is weak, the flame also burns weakly."
247,pupitar,this Pokémon creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet.The body is very durable - it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel.
114,tangela,Its identity is obscured by masses of thick blue vines. The vines are said to never stop growing.
370,luvdisc,It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
368,gorebyss,"Its swimming form is exquisitely elegant. With its thin mouth, it feeds on seaweed that grows between rocks."
15,beedrill,It has 3 poisonous stingers on its forelegs and itstail. They are used to jab its enemy repeatedly.
769,sandygast,"It likes the shovel on its head, so this Pokémon will get serious and fight any children who come to take it back."
113,chansey,The eggs laid by this Pokémon are rich in nutrients and a favorite food of many Pokémon.
697,tyrantrum,"Nothing could stop this Pokémon 100 million years ago, so it behaved like a king."
347,anorith,A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
469,yanmega,"By churning its wings, it creates shock waves that inflict critical internal injuries to foes."
230,kingdra,It is said that it usually hides in underwater caves. It can create whirlpools by yawning.
76,golem,"this Pokémon is known for rolling down from mountains. To prevent them from rolling into the homes of people downhill,grooves have been dug into the sides of mountains to serve as guideways for diverting this POKéMON’s course."
412,burmy,"If its cloak is broken in battle, it quickly remakes the cloak with materials nearby."
547,whimsicott,"It rides on the wind and slips into people’s homes. After it has turned a room into a cotton- filled mess, it giggles to itself and takes off."
397,staravia,"Recognizing their own weakness, they always live in a group. When alone, a this Pokémon cries noisily."
227,skarmory,"Despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor, it flies at speeds over 180 mph."
36,clefable,"Their ears are sensitive enough to hear a pin drop from over a mile away, so they’re usually found in quiet places."
762,steenee,"It bounces around, swinging the sepals on its head with abandon. They’re quite painful when they smack you!"
373,salamence,It becomes uncontrollable if it is enraged. It destroys everything with shredding claws and fire.
194,wooper,This Pokémon lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside.
82,magneton,A linked cluster formed of several Magnemite. It discharges powerful magnetic waves at high voltage.
299,nosepass,"It uses powerful magnetism to drag its prey toward it. It’s also been known to pull in metal, which it collects and uses to protect itself."
378,regice,Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
184,azumarill,The bubble-like pattern on its stomach helps it camouflage itself when it’s in the water.
44,gloom,"The honey it drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away."
69,bellsprout,"A this Pokémon’s thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, it leaks a fluid that melts even iron."
491,darkrai,"It chases people and Pokémon from its territory by causing them to experience deep, nightmarish slumbers."
217,ursaring,"In its territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits."
178,xatu,"Once it begins to meditate at sunrise, the entire day will pass before it will move again."
49,venomoth,"this Pokémon is nocturnal—it is a Pokémon that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness."
173,cleffa,"When numerous meteors illuminate the night sky, sightings of this Pokémon strangely increase."
184,azumarill,"When it plays in water, it rolls up its elongated earsto prevent their insides from get­ ting wet."
339,barboach,"Its slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud."
52,meowth,Adores round objects. It wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change.
771,pyukumuku,"It lives in shallow seas, such as areas near a beach. It can eject its internal organs, which it uses to engulf its prey or battle enemies."
566,archen,"Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, they were unable to fly and moved about by hopping from one branch to another."
519,pidove,This very forgetful Pokémon will wait for a new order from its Trainer even though it already has one.
524,roggenrola,It was found in a fissure in a layer of exposed rock. The material that makes up its body is dirt from several hundred years ago.
567,archeops,"Though capable of flight, this Pokémon was apparently better at hunting on the ground."
217,ursaring,"In forests, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where an this Pokémon gathers food. It walks through its forest collecting food every day."
24,arbok,The frightening patterns on its belly have been studied. Six variations have been confirmed.
208,steelix,It is thought its body transformed as a result of iron accumulating internally from swallowing soil.
395,empoleon,It swims as fast as a jet boat. The edges of its wings are sharp and can slice apart drifting ice.
183,marill,"The tip of its tail, which contains oil that is lighter than water, lets it swim without drowning."
292,shedinja,A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit.
343,baltoy,It moves while spinning around on its single foot. Some this Pokémon have been seen spinning on their heads.
174,igglybuff,"It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop."
181,ampharos,this Pokémon gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used the light ofthis POKéMON to send signals back and forth with others far away.
299,nosepass,"When endangered, it may protect itself by raising its magnetism and drawing iron objects to its body."
37,vulpix,"While young, it has six gorgeous tails. When it grows, several new tails are sprouted."
442,spiritomb,A Pokémon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is bound to a fissure in an odd keystone.
345,lileep,this Pokémon became extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient POKéMON attaches itselfto a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles shaped like flower petals.
84,doduo,"It races through grassy plains with powerful strides,leaving footprints up to four inches deep."
715,noivern,"Flying through the darkness, it weakens enemies with ultrasonic waves that could crush stone. Its fangs finish the fight."
115,kangaskhan,"If you come across a young this Pokémon playing by itself, you must never disturb it or attempt to catch it.The baby POKéMON’s parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged at you."
38,ninetales,"The flickering flames it spews from its mouth leave its opponents hypnotized. Then, this extremely intelligent Pokémon attacks."
192,sunflora,this Pokémon converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm. It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night.
334,altaria,"If you hear a beautiful melody trilling deep among mountains far from people, it is this Pokémon’s humming."
467,magmortar,"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees F from the ends of its arms. It lives in volcanic craters."
15,beedrill,"Its best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off."
349,feebas,"Because of its wretched appearance, most people pay it no attention, but there are some who collect this Pokémon—and this Pokémon alone!"
207,gligar,It flies straight at its target's face then clampsdown on the star­ tled victim to inject poison.
362,glalie,It prevents prey from escaping by instantaneously freezing moisture in the air.
66,machop,It hefts a GRAVELER repeatedly to strengthen its entire body. It uses every type of martial arts.
811,thwackey,"When it’s drumming out rapid beats in battle, it gets so caught up in the rhythm that it won’t even notice that it’s already knocked out its opponent."
113,chansey,A rare and elusive POKéMON that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to catch one.
78,rapidash,"this Pokémon usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains. However, when this POKéMON turnsserious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph."
337,lunatone,It becomes very active on the night of a full moon. This POKéMON was first discovered 40 years ago at the site of a meteor strike.
374,beldum,"Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses throughout this Pokémon’s body. This POKéMON communicates withothers by sending controlled pulses of magnetism."
780,drampa,"It appears in towns and plays with the children. this Pokémon will protect kids when they’re in danger, so their moms don’t have to worry."
8,wartortle,"It is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity."
277,swellow,It dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. It catches its prey with sharp claws.
124,jynx,"Its cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say."
393,piplup,"It lives along shores in northern countries. A skilled swimmer, it dives for over 10 minutes to hunt."
342,crawdaunt,It is a ruffian that uses its pincers to pick up and toss out other Pokémon from its pond.
765,oranguru,It normally spends its time meditating in the treetops. It throws Poké Balls and gives other Pokémon orders as it pleases.
19,rattata,"Its incisors continue growing until its death. If its Trainer doesn’t offer it a file to gnaw on, it will gnaw on door frames, table legs, and so on."
185,sudowoodo,"It disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining."
28,sandslash,"In an attempt to hide itself, it will run aroundat top speed to kick up a blinding dust storm."
26,raichu,Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high-voltage power.
237,hitmontop,It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by ten.
351,castform,"Its appearance changes with the weather. Recently, its molecules were found to be just like water."
63,abra,It sleeps for 18 hours a day. It uses a variety of extrasensory powers even while asleep.
556,maractus,"When it moves rhythmically, it makes a sound similar to maracas, making the surprised Pokémon flee."
725,litten,It spends even the smallest amount of downtime grooming its fur with its tongue. Loose fur gathers in its stomach and serves as fuel for fiery moves.
554,darumaka,"When it sleeps, it pulls its limbs into its body and its internal fire goes down to 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit."
631,heatmor,"It draws in air through its tail, transforms it into fire, and uses it like a tongue. It melts Durant and eats them."
67,machoke,"As a result of its continual workouts, it has developed tremendous power. It uses that power to help people with their work."
79,slowpoke,"Although slow, it is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten."
612,haxorus,Their sturdy tusks will stay sharp even if used to cut steel beams. These Pokémon are covered in hard armor.
228,houndour,It is smart enough to hunt in packs. It uses a variety of cries for communicating with others.
369,relicanth,this Pokémon is a rare species that was discovered in deep-sea explorations. This Pokémon’s body withstands the enormous water pressure of the ocean depths. Its body is covered in tough scales that are like craggy rocks.
297,hariyama,It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
219,magcargo,"Its body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees F. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell."
117,seadra,Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional medicine ingredients.
243,raikou,"This rough Pokémon stores energy inside its body, then sweeps across the land, shooting off electricity."
447,riolu,"It uses the shapes of auras, which change according to emotion, to communicate with others."
340,whiscash,Sighting this Pokémon leaping from the water is believed to herald an earthquake.
476,probopass,It freely controls three small units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force.
344,claydol,An ancient clay figurine that came to life as a Pokémon from exposure to a mysterious ray of light.
193,yanma,"If it flaps its wings really fast, it can generate shock waves that will shatter windows in the area."
310,manectric,Its nest can be found where a thunderbolt hits. It is discharging electricity from its mane.
151,mew,"Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe this Pokémon to be the ancestor of Pokémon."
519,pidove,This very forgetful Pokémon will wait for a new order from its Trainer even though it already has one.
177,natu,It is extremely good at climbing tree trunks and likes to eat the new sprouts on the trees.
784,kommo-o,"When it howls after finishing off its prey, the metallic sounds of its celebrating comrades can be heard from all around."
538,throh,"When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild this Pokémon use vines to weave their own belts."
10,caterpie,Its feet have suction cups designed to stickto any surface. It tenaciously climbs trees to forage.
648,meloetta,The melodies sung by this Pokémon have the power to make Pokémon that hear them happy or sad.
449,hippopotas,"It lives in arid places. Instead of perspiration, it expels grainy sand from its body."
571,zoroark,"Seeking to ease the burden of their solitude, lonely Trainers tell this Pokémon to show illusions to them."
628,braviary,"For the sake of its friends, this brave warrior of the sky will not stop battling, even if injured."
355,duskull,"If it finds bad children who won’t listen to their parents, it will spirit them away--or so it’s said."
599,klink,Interlocking two bodies and spinning around generates the energy they need to live.
122,mr-mime,"Mr. Mime is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeable actually exists. Once the watchers are convinced, the unseeable thing exists as if it were real."
25,pikachu,"Whenever this Pokémon comes across something new, it blasts it with a jolt of electricity. If you come across a blackened berry, it’s evidence that this Pokémon mistook the intensity of its charge."
108,lickitung,It has a tongue that is over 6’6’’ long. It uses thislong tongue to lick its body clean.
18,pidgeot,"This Pokémon flies at Mach 2 speed, seeking prey. Its large talons are feared as wicked weapons."
452,drapion,It attacks people and Pokémon that cross the desert. This has only furthered its bad reputation.
598,ferrothorn,"By swinging around its three spiky feelers and shooting spikes, it can obliterate an opponent."
190,aipom,"As it did more and more with its tail, its hands became clumsy. It makes its nest high in the treetops."
87,dewgong,Stores thermal energy in its body. Swims at asteady 8 knots even in intensely cold waters.
30,nidorina,"When it senses danger, it raises all the barbs on its body. These barbs grow slower than NIDORINO’s."
76,golem,It sheds its skin once a year. The discarded shell immediately hardens and crumbles away.
198,murkrow,"If spotted, it will lure an unwary person into chasing it, then lose the pursuer on mountain trails."
13,weedle,Beware of the sharp stinger on its head. It hides in grass and bushes where it eats leaves.
604,eelektross,"With their sucker mouths, they suck in prey. Then they use their fangs to shock the prey with electricity."
185,sudowoodo,"To avoid being attacked, it does nothing but mimic a tree. It hates water and flees from rain."
663,talonflame,"In the fever of an exciting battle, it showers embers from the gaps between its feathers and takes to the air."
193,yanma,"It can see in all directions without moving its bigeyes, helping it spot attackers and food right away."
185,sudowoodo,"Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composi­tion appears to be closer to a rock than a plant."
136,flareon,"this Pokémon’s fluffy fur has a functional purpose - it releases heat into the air so that its body does not getexcessively hot. This POKéMON’s body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees F."
132,ditto,"It can reconstitute its entire cellular structure to change into what it sees, but it returns to normal when it relaxes."
225,delibird,It carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by the food it had.
825,dottler,"It barely moves, but it’s still alive. Hiding in its shell without food or water seems to have awakened its psychic powers."
265,wurmple,"It loves to eat leaves. If it is attacked by a Starly, it will defend itself with its spiked rear."
514,simisear,A flame burns inside its body. It scatters embers from its head and tail to sear its opponents.
416,vespiquen,It releases various pheromones to make the grubs in its body do its bidding while fighting foes.
136,flareon,"Once it has stored up enough heat, this Pokémon’s body temperature can reach up to 1,700 degrees Fahrenheit."
35,clefairy,The moonlight that it stores in the wings on its back apparently gives it the ability to float in midair.
145,zapdos,A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear from clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts.
273,seedot,"If it remains still, it becomes impossible to distinguish from real nuts. It delights in surprising foraging PIDGEY."
41,zubat,"While living in pitch-black caverns, their eyes gradually grew shut and deprived them of vision. They use ultrasonic waves to detect obstacles."
758,salazzle,The winner of competitions between this Pokémon is decided by which one has the most male Salandit with it.
20,raticate,It whittles its constantly growing fangs by gnawing on hard things. It can chew apart cinder walls.
166,ledian,"It uses starlight as energy. When more stars appear at night, the patterns on its back grow larger."
146,moltres,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control fire. If this Pokémon is injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself."
118,goldeen,"this Pokémon loves swimming wild and free in rivers and ponds. If one of these Pokémon is placed in an aquarium, it will shatter even the thickest glass with one ram of its horn and make its escape."
261,poochyena,"A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted."
247,pupitar,This pupa flies around wildly by venting with great force the gas pressurized inside its body.
239,elekid,"this Pokémon stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity, this Pokémon begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself."
403,shinx,Electricity makes this Pokémon’s fur glow. this Pokémon sends signals to others of its kind by shaking the tip of its tail while the tail tip is shining brightly.
536,palpitoad,"It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to immobilize its opponents."
635,hydreigon,"It responds to movement by attacking. This scary, three-headed Pokémon devours everything in its path!"
179,mareep,"If static electricity builds in its body, its fleece doubles in volume. Touching it will shock you."
207,gligar,"It glides as if sliding. It startles foes by clamping on to their faces, then jabs with its poison stinger."
217,ursaring,"In the forests inhabited by this Pokémon, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where theygather food. This POKéMON walks through its forest gathering food every day."
381,latios,"A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes."
371,bagon,"this Pokémon has a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this Pokémon hurls itself off cliffs. As a result of its dives, its head has grown tough and as hard as tempered steel."
121,starmie,Its core shines in many colors and sends radio signals into space to communicate with something.
459,snover,"Seemingly curious about people, they gather around footsteps they find on snowy mountains."
385,jirachi,It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
25,pikachu,It occasionally uses an electric shock to recharge a fellow this Pokémon that is in a weakened state.
86,seel,The light blue fur that covers it keeps it protectedagainst the cold. It loves iceberg- filled oceans.
172,pichu,"It still can’t use electricity well. When it’s surprised or excited, it discharges electricity unintentionally."
116,horsea,"If it senses any danger, it will vigorously spray water or a special type of ink from its mouth."
35,clefairy,"On every night of a full moon, groups of this POKéMON come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired this Pokémonreturn to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other."
814,raboot,"It kicks berries right off the branches of trees and then juggles them with its feet, practicing its footwork."
212,scizor,It swings its eye-patterned pincers up to scare its foes. This makes it look like it has three heads.
698,amaura,This ancient Pokémon was restored from part of its body that had been frozen in ice for over 100 million years.
141,kabutops,this Pokémon swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient times. The Pokémon was apparently evolving from being a water dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs.
4,charmander,"The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when this Pokémon isenjoying itself. If the POKéMON becomes enraged, the flame burns fiercely."
199,slowking,"A poisonous bite reacted with its system, blessing it with the enhanced intellect of a genius. It has full control of its psychic powers."
77,ponyta,Its hooves are 10 times harder than diamonds. It cantrample anything completely flat in little time.
416,vespiquen,"When endangered, grubs from its six-cell honeycomb strike back. There is only one in a colony. "
308,medicham,"It is said that through meditation, this Pokémon heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This Pokémon hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains."
483,dialga,This Pokémon completely controls the flow of time. It uses its power to travel at will through the past and future.
553,krookodile,"When it spots prey, even at a distance of over 30 miles, it swims through the desert as if it were water, then jumps out and chomps them."
10,caterpie,Its voracious appetite compels it to devour leaves bigger than itself without hesitation. It releases a terribly strong odor from its antennae.
669,flabebe,"When it finds a flower it likes, it dwells on that flower its whole life long. It floats in the wind’s embrace with an untroubled heart."
113,chansey,"It is said to deliver happiness. Being compassionate, it shares its eggs with injured people."
193,yanma,Its large eyes can scan 360 degrees. It looks in all directions to seek out insects as its prey.
647,keldeo,"Cobalion, Terrakion, and Virizion taught this Pokémon how to fight. It dashes across the world, seeking more opportunities to further its training."
346,cradily,"It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches."
122,mr-mime,"Its pantomime skills are wonderful. You may become enraptured while watching it, but next thing you know, Mr. Mime has made a real wall."
337,lunatone,"Because it turns active on nights of the full moon, it is said to have some link to the lunar phases."
16,pidgey,"It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back."
176,togetic,"this Pokémon is said to be a Pokémon that brings good fortune. When the Pokémon spots someone who is pure of heart, it is said to appear and share its happiness with that person."
213,shuckle,The fluid secreted by its toes carves holes in rocks fornesting and can be mixed with BERRIES to make a drink.
120,staryu,"If its body is torn, it can grow back if the red core remains. The core flashes at midnight."
74,geodude,"Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking them for boulders, people often step or trip on them."
265,wurmple,"Using the spikes on its rear end, this Pokémon peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This Pokémon’s feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping."
564,tirtouga,"Reputed to be the ancestor of most turtle Pokémon, it lived in warm seas approximately a hundred million years ago."
114,tangela,Blue plant vines cloak the POKéMON’s identity in a tangled mass. It entangles anything that gets close.
371,bagon,Its well-developed neck muscles and ironlike head can smash boulders into pieces.
97,hypno,"The longer it swings its pendulum, thelonger the effects of its this Pokémonsis last."
85,dodrio,One of Doduo’s two heads splits to form a unique species. It runs close to 40 mph in prairies.
731,pikipek,"It may look spindly, but its neck muscles are heavy-duty. It can peck at a tree 16 times per second!"
323,camerupt,"If angered, the humps on its back erupt in a shower of molten lava. It lives in the craters of volcanoes."
741,oricorio,It wins the hearts of its enemies with its passionate dancing and then uses the opening it creates to burn them up with blazing flames.
41,zubat,Forms colonies in perpetually dark places. Usesultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets.
139,omastar,"Once wrapped around its prey, it never lets go.It eats the prey by tearing at it with sharp fangs."
178,xatu,This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun’s movement all day.
4,charmander,"Obviously prefers hot places. When it rains, steamis said to spout from the tip of its tail."
106,hitmonlee,"If it starts kicking repeatedly, both legs will stretch even longer to strike a fleeing foe."
549,lilligant,"No matter how much time and money is spent raising it, its flowers are the most beautiful when they bloom in the wild."
31,nidoqueen,Its entire body is armored with hard scales. It will protect the young in its burrow with its life.
590,foongus,"It lures Pokémon with its pattern that looks just like a Poké Ball, then releases poison spores."
237,hitmontop,"this Pokémon spins on its head at high speed, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix ofboth offense and defense at the same time. The POKéMON travels faster spinning than it does walking."
318,carvanha,They swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls.
338,solrock,Sunlight is the source of this Pokémon’s power. It is said to possess the ability to read the emotions of others.This POKéMON gives off intense heat while rotating its body.
51,dugtrio,"this Pokémon are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like theother two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly."
428,lopunny,"Extremely cautious, it quickly bounds off when it senses danger."
199,slowking,Being bitten by SHELLDER gave it intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists.
237,hitmontop,"It launches kicks while spinning. If it spins at high speed, it may bore its way into the ground."
347,anorith,"this Pokémon is said to be a type of Pokémon predecessor, with eight wings at the sides of its body. This Pokémon swam in the primordial sea by undulating these eight wings."
17,pidgeotto,"Very protective of its sprawling territorial area,this POKéMON will fiercely peck at any intruder."
145,zapdos,This legendary bird POKéMON is said to appearonly when a thun­ dercloud parts into two halves.
135,jolteon,"If it is angered or startled, the fur all over its body bristles like sharp needles that pierce foes."
465,tangrowth,Its arms are made of plants that bind themselves to things. They grow back right away if cut.
138,omanyte,An ancient Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. It swam by cleverly twisting its 10 tentacles about.
103,exeggutor,"this Pokémon originally came from the tropics. Its heads steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight.It is said that when the heads fall off, they group together to form EXEGGCUTE."
333,swablu,"this Pokémon loves to make things clean. If it spots something dirty, it will wipe and polish it with its cottony wings. If its wings become dirty, this Pokémon finds a stream and showers itself."
602,tynamo,"One alone can emit only a trickle of electricity, so a group of them gathers to unleash a powerful electric shock."
288,vigoroth,"It is always hungry because it won’t stop rampaging. Even while it is eating, it can’t keep still."
207,gligar,"It usually clings to cliffs. When it spots its prey, it spreads its wings and glides down to attack."
590,foongus,No one knows what the Poké Ball–like pattern on this Pokémon means or why this Pokémon has it.
21,spearow,"Very protective of its territory, it flaps its short wings busily to dart around at high speed."
182,bellossom,"When these dance together, their petals rub againsteach other, making pretty, relaxing sounds."
238,smoochum,Its lips are the most sensitive part of its body. It always uses its lips first to examine things.
529,drilbur,It makes its way swiftly through the soil by putting both claws together and rotating at high speed.
432,purugly,It would claim another Pokémon’s nest as its own if it finds a nest sufficiently comfortable.
363,spheal,"They can’t swim well yet, and they move much faster by rolling. When they’re happy, they clap fins."
197,umbreon,The light of the moon changed EEVEE’s genetic structure. It lurks in darkness for prey.
477,dusknoir,The antenna on its head captures radio waves from the world of spirits that command it to take people there.
83,farfetchd,It can’t live without the stalk it holds. That’s why it defends the stalk from attackers with its life.
139,omastar,It is thought that this Pokémon became extinct because its spiral shell grew too large.
229,houndoom,The pungent- smelling flame that shoots fromits mouth results from toxins burn­ ing in its body.
322,numel,"Its humped back stores intensely hot magma. In rain, the magma cools, slowing its movement."
15,beedrill,"Its best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off."
15,beedrill,Flies at high speed and attacks using its largevenomous stingers on its forelegs and tail.
148,dragonair,"If its body takes on an aura, the weather changes instantly. It is said to live in seas and lakes."
71,victreebel,"Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles,although no one has ever returned from there."
103,exeggutor,"When the time comes, one of its three heads falls off. Before long, the fallen head grows into an Exeggcute."
581,swanna,"Despite their elegant appearance, they can flap their wings strongly and fly for thousands of miles."
6,charizard,"When this Pokémon expels a blast of superhot fire, the red flame at the tip of its tail burns more intensely."
613,cubchoo,"Their snot is a barometer of health. When healthy, their snot is sticky and the power of their ice moves increases."
144,articuno,"this Pokémon is a legendary bird POKéMON that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air. As a result, it is said that when this POKéMON flies, snow will fall."
361,snorunt,Their numbers seem to have rapidly increased in Alola. Custom has it that houses where this Pokémon live will be prosperous for generations to come.
443,gible,"It attacks using its huge mouth. While its attacks are powerful, it hurts itself out of clumsiness, too."
112,rhydon,"Standing on its hind legs freed its forelegs and made it smarter. It is very forgetful, however."
496,servine,"When it gets dirty, its leaves can’t be used in photosynthesis, so it always keeps itself clean."
132,ditto,It has the ability to reconstitute its entire cellular structure to transform into whatever it sees.
63,abra,"this Pokémon needs to sleep for eighteen hours a day. If it doesn’t, this POKéMON loses its ability to use telekinetic powers.If it is attacked, this Pokémon escapes using TELEPORT while it is still sleeping."
478,froslass,"The soul of a woman lost on a snowy mountain possessed an icicle, becoming this Pokémon. The food it most relishes is the souls of men."
46,paras,Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host this Pokémon.
461,weavile,Evolution made it even more devious. It communicates by clawing signs in boulders.
387,turtwig,"The shell on its back is made of soil. On a very healthy this Pokémon, the shell should feel moist."
583,vanillish,It sprays its enemies with grains of ice to freeze them. Most this Pokémon in Alola are smaller than average.
27,sandshrew,"It burrows and lives underground. If threatened, it curls itself up into a ball for protection."
104,cubone,"Because it never removes its skull helmet, no onehas ever seen this POKéMON's real face."
315,roselia,"It uses the different poisons in each hand separately when it attacks. The stronger its aroma, the healthier it is."
25,pikachu,"Its nature is to store up electricity. Forests where nests of this Pokémon live are dangerous, since the trees are so often struck by lightning."
118,goldeen,"Though it appears very elegant when swimming with fins unfurled, it can jab powerfully with its horn."
154,meganium,"Anyone who stands beside it becomes refreshed, just asif they were relaxing in a sunny forest."
467,magmortar,"When shooting 3,600 degree F fireballs from its arms, its body takes on a whitish hue from the intense heat."
197,umbreon,"When darkness falls, the rings on the body beginto glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby."
242,blissey,It is a Pokémon that delivers happiness. Eating its egg is said to make one kind to everyone.
106,hitmonlee,"this Pokémon’s legs freely contract and stretch. Using these springlike legs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its legs and loosens the muscles to overcome fatigue."
730,primarina,"For this Pokémon, every battle’s a stage. Its singing and the dancing of its balloons will mesmerize the audience."
236,tyrogue,It is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes.
687,malamar,"It wields the most compelling hypnotic powers of any Pokémon, and it forces others to do whatever it wants."
128,tauros,"When it is about to TACKLE, it whips its body repeatedly with its three long tails."
135,jolteon,Its cells generate weak power that is amplified by its fur’s static electricity to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles.
324,torkoal,"this Pokémon digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coaland burns it. If it is attacked, this POKéMON spouts thick black smoke to beat a retreat."
38,ninetales,"According to an enduring legend, 9 noble saintswere united and reincarnated as this POKéMON."
373,salamence,"While basking in the joy of flight generally keeps this Pokémon in high spirits, this Pokémon turns into an uncontrollable menace if something angers it."
345,lileep,It sticks to rocks with its powerful suckers and can’t be washed away no matter how rough the surf gets.
116,horsea,Known to shoot down flying bugs with precision blasts of ink from the surface of the water.
335,zangoose,It has feuded with Seviper for many generations. Its sharp claws are its biggest weapons.
615,cryogonal,"They are composed of ice crystals. They capture prey with chains of ice, freezing the prey at -148 degrees Fahrenheit."
371,bagon,"this Pokémon harbors a never-ending dream of one day soaring high among the clouds. As if trying to dispel its frustration over its inability to fly, this Pokémon slams its hard head against huge rocks and shatters them into pebbles."
82,magneton,Many mysteriously appear when more sunspots dot the sun. They stop TV sets from displaying properly.
9,blastoise,this Pokémon has water spouts that protrude from its shell. The water spouts are very accurate. They can shoot bullets of water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
128,tauros,"Although it’s known to be a fierce Pokémon, this Pokémon in the Alola region are said to possess a measure of calmness."
285,shroomish,It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
123,scyther,"With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create theillusion that there is more than one."
662,fletchinder,"The hotter the flame sac on its belly, the faster it can fly, but it takes some time to get the fire going."
76,golem,"Once it sheds its skin, its body turns tender and whitish. Its hide hardens when it’s exposed to air."
76,golem,"It tumbles down mountains, leaving grooves from peak to base. Stay clear of these grooves."
29,nidoran-f,It uses its hard incisor teeth to crush and eat berries. The tip of a female Nidoran’s horn is a bit more rounded than the tip of a male’s horn.
174,igglybuff,"It moves by bouncing along. As it moves a lot, it sweats, and its body gives off a sweet aroma."
223,remoraid,It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike even moving prey from more than 100 yards.
16,pidgey,"this Pokémon has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable of unerringly returninghome to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings."
560,scrafty,"It pulls up its shed skin to protect itself while it kicks. The bigger the crest, the more respected it is."
41,zubat,"During the day, it gathers with others and hangsfrom the ceilings of old buildings and caves."
284,masquerain,Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
233,porygon2,This manmade POKéMON evolved from the latesttechnology. It may have unprog­ rammed reactions.
291,ninjask,"this Pokémon moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard.For that reason, this POKéMON was long believed to be invisible."
158,totodile,"Despite the smallness of its body, this Pokémon’s jaws are very powerful. While the POKéMON may think it is justplayfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury."
184,azumarill,Its long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of living things on riverbeds.
126,magmar,These Pokémon’s bodies are constantly burning. this Pokémon are feared as one of the causes behind fires.
375,metang,It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its steel body won’t be scratched if it collides with a jet.
9,blastoise,"It crushes its foe under its heavy body to cause fainting. In a pinch, it will withdraw inside its shell."
421,cherrim,"If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun’s rays with its whole body."
782,jangmo-o,They live in mountains where no trace of humans can be detected. this Pokémon grow little by little as they battle one another.
735,gumshoos,"Patient by nature, this Pokémon loses control of itself and pounces when it spots its favorite meal—Rattata!"
412,burmy,"To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves."
262,mightyena,this Pokémon gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack. It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body.This POKéMON will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs.
115,kangaskhan,"If it is safe, the young gets out of the belly pouch to play. The adult keeps a close eye on the youngster."
92,gastly,"Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by its gaseous body, which contains poison."
830,eldegoss,The seeds attached to its cotton fluff are full of nutrients. It spreads them on the wind so that plants and other Pokémon can benefit from them.
327,spinda,The chances of two this Pokémon having identical spot patterns is less than one in four billion.
16,pidgey,"this Pokémon has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable of unerringly returninghome to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings."
427,buneary,Its ears are always rolled up. They can be forcefully extended to shatter even a large boulder.
450,hippowdon,It brandishes its gaping mouth in a display of fearsome strength. It raises vast quantities of sand while attacking.
634,zweilous,"After it has eaten up all the food in its territory, it moves to another area. Its two heads do not get along."
490,manaphy,It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond with any kind of Pokémon.
765,oranguru,"this Pokémon don’t get along with each other, so they’re always engaging in battles of wits to decide which one is superior."
301,delcatty,"this Pokémon sleeps anywhere it wants without keeping a permanent nest. If other POKéMON approach it as itsleeps, this POKéMON will never fight - it will just move away somewhere else."
532,timburr,"Always carrying squared logs, they help out with construction. As they grow, they carry bigger logs."
620,mienshao,"Using the long fur on its arms like whips, it launches into combo attacks that, once started, no one can stop."
198,murkrow,It has a weakness for shiny things. It’s been known to sneak into the nests of Gabite—noted collectors of jewels—in search of treasure.
134,vaporeon,"It prefers beautiful shores. With cells similar to water molecules, it could melt in water."
162,furret,The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed.
46,paras,Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host this Pokémon.
367,huntail,"To withstand the crushing pressure of water deep under the sea, its spine is very thick and sturdy. Its tail, which is shaped like a small fish, has eyes that light up."
339,barboach,It coats its entire body with a slimy fluid so it can squirm and slip away if grabbed.
898,calyrex,this Pokémon is known in legend as a king that ruled over Galar in ancient times. It has the power to cause hearts to mend and plants to spring forth.
50,diglett,"If a this Pokémon digs through a field, it leaves the soil perfectly tilled and ideal for planting crops."
124,jynx,"Its cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say."
249,lugia,"It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm."
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
168,ariados,It spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It’s hard to tell which end is which.
754,lurantis,"For self-protection, it pretends to be a bug Pokémon. Both of its arms bear keen-edged petals."
134,vaporeon,"When this Pokémon's fins begin to vi­ brate, it is asign that rain will come within a few hours."
608,lampent,It arrives near the moment of death and steals spirit from the body.
646,kyurem,This legendary ice Pokémon waits for a hero to fill in the missing parts of its body with truth or ideals.
527,woobat,Its habitat is dark forests and caves. It emits ultrasonic waves from its nose to learn about its surroundings.
87,dewgong,"In snow, the pure white coat covering its body obscures it from predators."
415,combee,The trio is together from birth. It constantly gathers honey from flowers to please Vespiquen.
143,snorlax,Its stomach’s digestive juices can dissolve any kind of poison. It can even eat things off the ground.
124,jynx,"Appears to move to a rhythm of its own, as if itwere dancing. It wiggles its hips as it walks."
373,salamence,It becomes uncontrollable if it is enraged. It destroys everything with shredding claws and fire.
832,dubwool,"Weave a carpet from its springy wool, and you end up with something closer to a trampoline. You’ll start to bounce the moment you set foot on it."
82,magneton,This Pokémon is three Magnemite that have linked together. this Pokémon sends out powerful radio waves to study its surroundings.
377,regirock,"Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself."
236,tyrogue,"Even though it is small, it can’t be ignored because it will slug any handy target without warning."
206,dunsparce,It digs into the ground with its tail and makes a mazelike nest. It can fly just a little.
123,scyther,"While young, they live together deep in the mountains, training themselves in how to fight with their scythes and move at high speeds."
460,abomasnow,"They appear when the snow flowers bloom. When the petals fall, they retreat to places unknown again."
665,spewpa,"It lives hidden within thicket shadows. When predators attack, it quickly bristles the fur covering its body in an effort to threaten them."
107,hitmonchan,The arm-twisting punches it throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting.
42,golbat,"this Pokémon bites down on prey with its four fangs and drinks the victim’s blood. It becomes active on inky dark moonless nights, flying around to attack people and Pokémon."
289,slaking,The world’s laziest Pokémon. It moves to another spot when there’s no food left within its reach.
139,omastar,"Its sharp beak rings its mouth. Its shell was too big for it to move freely, so it became extinct."
20,raticate,It uses its whiskers to maintain its balance. It apparently slows down if they are cut off.
42,golbat,"It can drink more than 10 ounces of blood at once. Ifit has too much, it gets heavy and flies clumsily."
271,lombre,"It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere."
321,wailord,"The biggest of all Pokémon. It can dive to a depth of almost 10,000 feet on only one breath."
636,larvesta,The base of volcanoes is where they make their homes. They shoot fire from their five horns to repel attacking enemies.
89,muk,"This Pokémon’s favorite food is anything that is repugnantly filthy. In dirty towns where people think nothing of throwing away litter on the streets, this Pokémon are certain to gather."
757,salandit,This sneaky Pokémon will slink behind its prey and immobilize it with poisonous gas before the prey even realizes this Pokémon is there.
684,swirlix,"To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes white threads as sweet and sticky as cotton candy."
536,palpitoad,"When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they can make waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land."
516,simipour,"It prefers places with clean water. When its tuft runs low, it replenishes it by siphoning up water with its tail."
585,deerling,"The color and scent of their fur changes to match the mountain grass. When they sense hostility, they hide in the grass."
31,nidoqueen,Its entire body is armored with hard scales. It will protect the young in its burrow with its life.
506,lillipup,"This Pokémon is far brighter than the average child, and this Pokémon won’t forget the love it receives or any abuse it suffers."
8,wartortle,"Often hides in water to stalk unwary prey. Forswimming fast, it moves its ears to maintain balance."
772,type-null,The heavy control mask it wears suppresses its intrinsic capabilities. This Pokémon has some hidden special power.
114,tangela,Its identity is obscured by masses of thick blue vines. The vines are said to never stop growing.
147,dratini,Long considered a mythical POKéMON until recentlywhen a small colony was found living underwater.
389,torterra,Some Pokémon are born on a this Pokémon’s back and spend their entire life there.
415,combee,"It ceaselessly gathers nectar from sunrise to sundown, all for the sake of Vespiquen and the swarm."
101,electrode,One of this Pokémon’s characteristics is its attraction to electricity. It is a problematical Pokémon that congregates mostly at electrical power plants to feed on electricity that has just been generated.
131,lapras,"People have driven this Pokémon almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, this Pokémon is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain."
87,dewgong,It loves frigid seas with ice floes. It uses its long tail to change swimming direction quickly.
499,pignite,"The more it eats, the more fuel it has to make the fire in its stomach stronger. This fills it with even more power."
235,smeargle,"It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks."
573,cinccino,Their white fur feels amazing to touch. Their fur repels dust and prevents static electricity from building up.
690,skrelp,It looks just like rotten kelp. It hides from foes while storing up power for its evolution.
729,brionne,"As if dancing, it artfully dodges the attacks of its enemies. All the while, it’s busy forming a bunch of balloons to overwhelm its foes."
202,wobbuffet,"It hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to build up its counterstrike."
233,porygon2,"With planetary development software installed, it became capable of working in space."
171,lanturn,The light it emits is so bright that it can illuminate the sea’s surface from a depth of over three miles.
234,stantler,Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
160,feraligatr,"It usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey."
139,omastar,"this Pokémon uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too large and heavy, causing its movements to become too slow and ponderous."
615,cryogonal,"They are composed of ice crystals. They capture prey with chains of ice, freezing the prey at -148° F."
284,masquerain,this Pokémon intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This Pokémon flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction—even sideways and backwards—as if it were a helicopter.
483,dialga,It has the power to control time. It appears in Sinnoh-region myths as an ancient deity.
91,cloyster,"this Pokémon is capable of swimming in the sea. It does so by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear.This POKéMON shoots spikes from its shell using the same system."
696,tyrunt,"This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. If something happens that it doesn’t like, it throws a tantrum and runs wild."
85,dodrio,Watch out if this Pokémon’s three heads are looking in three separate directions. It’s a sure sign that it is on its guard.Don’t go near this POKéMON if it’s being wary - it may decide to peck you.
323,camerupt,The volcanoes on its back have a major eruption every 10 years--or whenever it becomes really angry.
52,meowth,"It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly."
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
348,armaldo,"Though it lives on land, it’s also a good swimmer. It dives into the ocean in search of prey, using its sharp claws to take down its quarry."
421,cherrim,"During times of strong sunlight, its bud blooms, its petals open fully, and it becomes very active."
186,politoed,"The cry of a male is louder than that of a female. Male this Pokémon with deep, menacing voices find more popularity with the opposite gender."
241,miltank,"If it has just had a baby, the milk it produces contains much more nutrition than usual."
213,shuckle,It stores berries in its shell. The berries eventually ferment to become delicious juices.
43,oddish,It often plants its root feet in the ground during the day and sows seeds as it walks about at night.
275,shiftry,"By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 ft/second that can level houses."
323,camerupt,"It has volcanoes on its back. If magma builds up in its body, it shudders, then erupts violently."
597,ferroseed,Mossy caves are their preferred dwellings. Enzymes contained in mosses help this Pokémon’s spikes grow big and strong.
138,omanyte,A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas.
563,cofagrigus,It has been said that they swallow those who get too close and turn them into mummies. They like to eat gold nuggets.
172,pichu,It is not yet skilled at storing electricity. It may send out a jolt if amused or startled.
423,gastrodon,"When its natural enemy attacks, it oozes purple fluid and escapes."
280,ralts,It is highly attuned to the emotions of people and POKéMON. It hides if it senses hostility.
64,kadabra,"If it uses its abilities, it emits specialalpha waves that cause machines to malfunction."
439,mime-jr,"In an attempt to confuse its enemy, it mimics the enemy’s movements. Then it wastes no time in making itself scarce!"
183,marill,"When fishing for food at the edge of a fast-running stream, this Pokémon wraps its tail around the trunk of a tree.This POKéMON’s tail is flexible and configured to stretch."
10,caterpie,Its short feet are tipped with suction pads thatenable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls.
453,croagunk,"It rarely fights fairly, but that is strictly to ensure survival. It is popular as a mascot."
151,mew,"Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe this Pokémon to be the ancestor of Pokémon."
341,corphish,Its hardy vitality enables it to adapt to any environment. Its pincers will never release prey.
178,xatu,this Pokémon stands rooted and still in one spot all day long. People believe that this Pokémon does so out of fear of the terrible things it has foreseen in the future.
526,gigalith,It absorbs rays of sunlight and shoots out energy. It’s usually lurking deep beneath the surface.
347,anorith,It is a kind of POKéMON progenitor. It uses its extending claws to catch prey hiding among rocks on the seafloor.
27,sandshrew,"Disliking water, it lives in deep burrows in arid areas. It can roll itself instantly into a ball."
192,sunflora,"As the hot season approaches, the petals on this Pokémon’s face become more vivid and lively."
24,arbok,The frightening patterns on its belly have beenstudied. Six variations have been confirmed.
184,azumarill,Its long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of living things on riverbeds.
346,cradily,"It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches."
206,dunsparce,It digs into the ground with its tail and makes a mazelike nest. It can fly just a little.
184,azumarill,"It lives in rivers and lakes. In water, its coloring and patterns trick the vision of foes."
98,krabby,"Its pincers are not only powerful weapons, they areused for balance when walking sideways."
115,kangaskhan,"To protect its young, it will never give up during battle, no matter how badly wounded it is."
199,slowking,"It undertakes research every day to solve the mysteries of the world. However, it apparently forgets everything if the SHELLDER on its head comes off."
49,venomoth,It flutters its wings to scatter dustlike scales. The scales leach toxins if they contact skin.
103,exeggutor,"It is called “The Walking Jungle.” If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an EXEGGCUTE."
95,onix,"As it digs through the ground, it absorbs many hard objects. This is what makes its body so solid."
378,regice,Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
12,butterfree,It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.
676,furfrou,"Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokémon were the designated guardians of the king."
10,caterpie,Its short feet are tipped with suction pads thatenable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls.
624,pawniard,"A pack of these Pokémon forms to serve a Bisharp boss. Each this Pokémon trains diligently, dreaming of one day taking the lead."
221,piloswine,"Covered by a shaggy coat, it is strong against the cold. Its tusks of ice thicken when it snows."
185,sudowoodo,"this Pokémon camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because its hands remain green throughout the year, the Pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter."
310,manectric,Its nest can be found where a thunderbolt hits. It is discharging electricity from its mane.
146,moltres,"There are stories of this Pokémon using its radiant, flame-cloaked wings to light up paths for those lost in the mountains."
215,sneasel,"Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it suddenly extends the claws and startles its enemy."
176,togetic,"To share its happiness, it flies around the world seeking kind­ hearted people."
341,corphish,"Once it grips prey with its large pincers, it will never let go, no matter what. It is a hardy POKéMON that can thrive in any environment."
187,hoppip,"This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, this Pokémon links its leaves with other this Pokémon to prepare against being blown away."
102,exeggcute,Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
102,exeggcute,The heads attract each other and spin around. There must be six heads for it to maintain balance.
497,serperior,It only gives its all against strong opponents who are not fazed by the glare from this Pokémon’s noble eyes.
89,muk,From this Pokémon’s body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a nose-bendingly horrible stench. Just one drop of this Pokémon’s body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid.
593,jellicent,"The fate of the ships and crew that wander into this Pokémon’s habitat: all sunken, all lost, all vanished."
352,kecleon,It changes its shading to match its surroundings so it can sneak up on prey. Only its belly patterns stay fixed.
39,jigglypuff,The songs they sing are totally different depending on the region they live in. Some even sound like they’re shouting!
102,exeggcute,Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
99,kingler,"One claw grew massively and is as hard as steel. It has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, it is too heavy."
123,scyther,Some call it a ninja. Its movements— imperceptibly quick—are sufficient to cleave the air in two. It’s very popular in Alola.
407,roserade,"With the movements of a dancer, it strikes with whips that are densely lined with poison thorns."
350,milotic,Its dwelling place is the bottom of big lakes. Those who behold its loveliness are said to have their hearts purified.
478,froslass,It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees F. What seems to be its body is actually hollow.
313,volbeat,It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves Illumise’s sweet aroma.
90,shellder,It swims backward by opening and closing its two shells. Its large tongue is always kept hanging out.
642,thundurus,The spikes on its tail discharge immense bolts of lightning. It flies around the Unova region firing off lightning bolts.
188,skiploom,The bloom on top of its head opens and closes as thetemperature fluc­ tuates up and down.
572,minccino,"They greet one another by rubbing each other with their tails, which are always kept well groomed and clean."
47,parasect,A mushroom grown larger than the host’s body controls this Pokémon. It scatters poisonous spores.
579,reuniclus,"They use psychic power to control their arms, which are made of a special liquid. They can crush boulders psychically."
195,quagsire,"this Pokémon hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware.Because the POKéMON does not move, it does not get very hungry."
118,goldeen,"this Pokémon loves swimming wild and free in rivers and ponds. If one of these POKéMON is placed in anaquarium, it will shatter even the thickest glass with one ram of its horn and make its escape."
745,lycanroc,The rocks in its mane are sharper than a knife. Fragments that break off are treasured as good luck charms.
225,delibird,It carries food rolled up in its tail. It has the habit of sharing food with people lost in mountains.
430,honchkrow,"Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous MURKROW in tow."
349,feebas,"A tough Pokémon that is perfectly fine even in dirty water. However, due to its ragged, shabby appearance, it isn’t popular."
555,darmanitan,"When weakened in battle, it transforms into a stone statue. Then it sharpens its mind and fights on mentally."
176,togetic,"this Pokémon is said to be a Pokémon that brings good fortune. When the Pokémon spots someone who is pure of heart, it is said to appear and share its happiness with that person."
212,scizor,this Pokémon has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks.This POKéMON flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
260,swampert,this Pokémon is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton.This POKéMON also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water.
344,claydol,An ancient clay figurine that came to life as a Pokémon from exposure to a mysterious ray of light.
379,registeel,It is sturdier than any kind of metal. It hardened due to pressure underground over tens of thousands of years.
97,hypno,"Seeing its swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up."
207,gligar,"this Pokémon glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This Pokémon hangs on to the face of its foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb."
114,tangela,"this Pokémon’s vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day."
543,venipede,"Its bite injects a potent poison, enough to paralyze large bird Pokémon that try to prey on it."
45,vileplume,"It has the world’s largest petals. With every step, the petals shake out heavy clouds of toxic pollen."
706,goodra,"It gets picked on because it’s meek. But then, whoever teased it gets to feel the full force of its horns and a good swatting from its thick tail."
170,chinchou,"Its two antennae glow softly to lure in prey, making it a useful Pokémon for night fishing."
166,ledian,"It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live this Pokémon in countless numbers.There is a good reason for this - the POKéMON uses the light of the stars as its energy."
411,bastiodon,Any frontal attack is repulsed. It is a docile Pokémon that feeds on grass and berries.
345,lileep,It became extinct roughly 100 million years ago. It was regenerated from a fossil using advanced techniques.
539,sawk,"Desiring the strongest karate chop, they seclude themselves in mountains and train without sleeping."
202,wobbuffet,It desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret.
601,klinklang,Its red core functions as an energy tank. It fires the charged energy through its spikes into an area.
356,dusclops,Its body is hollow. It is said that those who look into its body are sucked into the void.
33,nidorino,"this Pokémon has a horn that is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might."
512,simisage,"Ill tempered, it fights by swinging its barbed tail around wildly. The leaf growing on its head is very bitter."
109,koffing,"Lighter-than-air gases in its body keep it aloft. The gases not only smell, they are also explosive."
110,weezing,Top-grade perfume is made using its internal poison gases by diluting them to the highest level.
450,hippowdon,It is surprisingly quick to anger. It holds its mouth agape as a display of its strength.
437,bronzong,It can summon rain clouds. People long ago revered it as the bringer of plentiful harvests.
7,squirtle,"Its shell is not just for protection. Its rounded shape and the grooves on its surface minimize resistance in water, enabling this Pokémon to swim at high speeds."
16,pidgey,"Does not like to fight. It hides in tall grass and so on, foraging for food such as small bugs."
595,joltik,"Since it can’t generate its own electricity, it sticks onto large-bodied Pokémon and absorbs static electricity."
11,metapod,Its shell is filled with its soft innards. It doesn’t move much because of the risk it might carelessly spill its innards out.
54,psyduck,"It is constantly wracked by a headache. When the headache turns intense, it begins using mysterious powers."
133,eevee,It has the ability to alter the composition of its body to suit its surrounding environment.
244,entei,this Pokémon embodies the passion of magma. This Pokémon is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch.
72,tentacool,"It drifts in shallow seas, such as the areas near beaches. If you get bitten or stabbed by its toxic tentacles, rush to the hospital."
332,cacturne,It lives in deserts. It becomes active at night when it hunts for prey exhausted from the desert’s heat.
592,frillish,Legend has it that the residents of a sunken ancient city changed into these Pokémon.
522,blitzle,Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use the frequency and rhythm of these flashes to communicate.
171,lanturn,this Pokémon’s light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed “The Deep-Sea Star.”
310,manectric,It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
517,munna,This Pokémon appears before people and Pokémon who are having nightmares and eats those dreams.
22,fearow,"With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloftwithout ever having to land for rest."
272,ludicolo,"this Pokémon begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This POKéMON is said to appear when ithears the singing of children on hiking outings."
249,lugia,"this Pokémon is so powerful even a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart houses. As a result, it chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea."
156,quilava,It intimidates foes with the heat of its flames. The fire burns more strongly when it readies to fight.
503,samurott,One swing of the sword incorporated in its armor can fell an opponent. A simple glare from one of them quiets everybody.
186,politoed,"When it expands its throat to croak out a tune,nearby POLIWAG and POLIWHIRL gather immediately."
377,regirock,It is entirely composed of rocks with no sign of a brain or heart. It is a mystery even to modern scientists.
186,politoed,"They gather on moonlit nights to form a large chorus. Their cries sound angry and not at all pleasant, but they are certainly distinctive."
535,tympole,"By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans and warns others of danger."
89,muk,It is usually undetectable because it blends in with the ground. Touching it can cause terrible poisoning.
356,dusclops,"this Pokémon’s body is completely hollow—there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokémon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out."
154,meganium,this Pokémon's breath has the power to revive dead grassand plants. It can make them healthy again.
451,skorupi,It burrows under the sand to lie in wait for prey. Its tail claws can inject its prey with a savage poison.
642,thundurus,"As it flies around, it shoots lightning all over the place and causes forest fires. It is therefore disliked."
9,blastoise,this Pokémon has water spouts that protrude from its shell. The water spouts are very accurate.They can shoot bullets of water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
7,squirtle,"It shelters itself in its shell, then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity."
255,torchic,"If attacked, it strikes back by spitting balls of fire it forms in its stomach. A this Pokémon dislikes darkness because it can’t see its surroundings."
26,raichu,"It becomes aggressive when it has electricity stored up. At such times, even its Trainer has to take care to avoid being attacked."
740,crabominable,It stores coldness in its pincers and pummels its foes. It can even smash thick walls of ice to bits!
294,loudred,"When it stamps its feet and bellows, it generates ultrasonic waves that can blow apart a house."
429,mismagius,Its cry sounds like an incantation. It is said the cry may rarely be imbued with happiness-giving power.
130,gyarados,"Once it appears, its rage never settles until it has razed the fields and mountains around it."
209,snubbull,"In truth, it is a cowardly POKéMON. It growls eagerlyin order to hide its fear from its opponent."
425,drifloon,"Perhaps seeking company, it approaches children. However, it often quickly runs away again when the children play too roughly with it."
216,teddiursa,This Pokémon likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. this Pokémon concocts its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill.
322,numel,"Its humped back stores intensely hot magma. In rain, the magma cools, slowing its movement."
4,charmander,The flame at the tip of its tail makes a sound as it burns. You can only hear it in quiet places.
202,wobbuffet,"To keep its pitch- black tail hidden, it lives quietlyin the darkness. It is never first to attack."
473,mamoswine,Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age.
46,paras,The tochukaso growing on this POKéMON's backorders it to extract juice from tree trunks.
211,qwilfish,The small spikes covering its body developed from scales. They inject a toxin that causes fainting.
67,machoke,"A popular motif for sculptures, its incredibly well-developed muscles have captured the imagination of many an artist."
235,smeargle,"Once it becomes an adult, it has a tendency to let its comrades plant footprints on its back."
27,sandshrew,"To protect itself from attackers, it curls up into a ball. It lives in arid regions with minimal rainfall."
309,electrike,"Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed."
790,cosmoem,"It sucks in dust from the air at an astounding rate, frantically building up energy within its core as preparation for evolution."
485,heatran,"Its body is made of rugged steel. However, it is partially melted in spots because of its own heat."
28,sandslash,"Although they are sharp, its claws and spikes often break off. They grow back the next day, so it is not bothered by the temporary loss."
450,hippowdon,It is surprisingly quick to anger. It holds its mouth agape as a display of its strength.
71,victreebel,"Lures prey with the sweet aroma of honey. Swallowedwhole, the prey is melted in a day, bones and all."
193,yanma,"By flapping its wings at high speed, it can fly freely through the air. Even sudden stops are no problem."
223,remoraid,"A this Pokémon uses its abdominal muscles to forcefully expel swallowed water, then shoot down flying prey. When evolution approaches, it travels down rivers."
353,shuppet,"this Pokémon grows by feeding on dark emotions, such as vengefulness and envy, in the hearts of people.It roams through cities in search of grudges that taint people."
3,venusaur,"After a rainy day, the flower on its back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon."
187,hoppip,"It drifts on winds. It is said that when this Pokémon gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way."
357,tropius,"It flies by flapping its broad leaves. The bunch of fruit that grows around its neck is deliciously sweet. In the spring, it scatters pollen from its neck."
385,jirachi,"Once every 1,000 years, the singing of a pure voice will rouse this Pokémon from its near- perpetual slumber. It wakes for only seven days."
200,misdreavus,What makes it happy is imitating the voices of weeping people and scaring everyone. It doesn’t deal well with folks who aren’t easily frightened.
572,minccino,"They pet each other with their tails as a form of greeting. Of the two, the one whose tail is fluffier is a bit more boastful."
769,sandygast,"If you build sand mounds when you’re playing, destroy them before you go home, or they may get possessed and become this Pokémon."
179,mareep,"Its fluffy wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more energy is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows."
58,growlithe,Very protective of its territory. It will bark andbite to repel intruders from its space.
14,kakuna,"Although it is a cocoon, it can move a little. Itcan extend its poison barb if it is attacked."
51,dugtrio,"In battle, it digs through the ground and strikes the unsuspecting foe from an unexpected direction."
212,scizor,Bulky pincers account for one third of this Pokémon’s body weight. A single swing of one of these pincers will crush a boulder completely.
88,grimer,"Born from sludge, these Pokémon now gather in polluted places and increase the bacteria in their bodies."
140,kabuto,It is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell.
782,jangmo-o,It smacks the scales on its head against rocks or against the ground to frighten its opponents. It can also contact its friends with these noises.
353,shuppet,"It uses its horn to feed on envy and malice, or so it’s said. It’s very active at night."
467,magmortar,"From its arm, it launches fireballs hotter than 3,500 degrees Fahrenheit. Its arm starts to melt when it fires a whole barrage."
704,goomy,"Their horns are powerful sensors. As soon as this Pokémon pick up any sign of enemies, they go into hiding. This is how they’ve survived."
151,mew,"Because it can learn any move, some people beganresearch to see if it is the ancestor of all POKéMON."
463,lickilicky,It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to it will leave you soaked with drool.
142,aerodactyl,"A ferocious, pre­ historic POKéMON that goes for theenemy's throat with its serrated saw-like fangs."
630,mandibuzz,"They fly in circles around the sky. When they spot prey, they attack and carry it back to their nest with ease."
104,cubone,"It wears its mother’s skull on its head, so no one knows what its bare face looks like. However, it’s clear that it’s always crying."
92,gastly,"Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by its gaseous body, which contains poison."
17,pidgeotto,This Pokémon is full of vitality. It constantly flies around its large territory in search of prey.
46,paras,Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host this Pokémon.
77,ponyta,"As a newborn, it can barely stand. However, through galloping, its legs are made tougher and faster."
126,magmar,"In battle, this Pokémon blows out intensely hot flames from all over its body to intimidate its opponent.This POKéMON’s fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in its surroundings."
748,toxapex,Within the poison sac in its body is a poison so toxic that Pokémon as large as Wailord will still be suffering three days after it first takes effect.
209,snubbull,"Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute."
196,espeon,An this Pokémon is extremely loyal to any TRAINER it considers to be worthy. It is said to have developed precognitive powers to protect its TRAINER from harm.
27,sandshrew,"this Pokémon has a very dry hide that is extremely tough. The POKéMON can roll into a ball that repels any attack.At night, it burrows into the desert sand to sleep."
696,tyrunt,This Pokémon is selfish and likes to be pampered. It can also inflict grievous wounds on its Trainer just by playing around.
313,volbeat,It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves Illumise’s sweet aroma.
548,petilil,this Pokémon appears around sources of clean water. Boiling leaves from this Pokémon’s head results in a liquid that’s sometimes used as a bug repellent.
31,nidoqueen,"The body is covered by stiff, needle- like scales. If it becomes excited, the needles bristle outwards."
240,magby,"Its magma-like blood circulates throughout its body. Its body’s heat can top 1,100 degrees F."
292,shedinja,"this Pokémon’s hard body doesn’t move - not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell.It is believed that this POKéMON will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back."
302,sableye,Materials from gems it has eaten float to the surface of its body and can form an infinite number of patterns among individuals.
365,walrein,this Pokémon’s two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing ten tons with one blow.This POKéMON’s thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures.
585,deerling,The turning of the seasons changes the color and scent of this Pokémon’s fur. People use it to mark the seasons.
153,bayleef,A spicy aroma emanates from around its neck. The aroma acts as a stimulant to restore health.
53,persian,Its lithe muscles allow it to walk without making a sound. It attacks in an instant.
26,raichu,"Because so many Trainers like the way Pikachu looks, you don’t see this Pokémon very often."
566,archen,"Revived from a fossil, this Pokémon is thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokémon."
91,cloyster,"this Pokémon is capable of swimming in the sea. It does so by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear.This POKéMON shoots spikes from its shell using the same system."
459,snover,The berries that grow around its belly are like ice pops. Galarian Darumaka absolutely love these berries.
435,skuntank,It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is over 160 feet.
177,natu,"It usually forages for food on the ground but may, on rare occasions, hop onto branches to peck at shoots."
257,blaziken,"When facing a tough foe, it looses flames from its wrists. Its powerful legs let it jump clear over buildings."
247,pupitar,this Pokémon creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very durable—it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel.
371,bagon,Some theories suggest that its behavior of forcefully bashing its head into things stimulates cells that affect its evolution.
119,seaking,"To protect its family, it will fight with its drill-sharp horn. It lives in hollowed rocks in streams."
260,swampert,It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
80,slowbro,"Lives lazily by the sea. If the SHELLDER on itstail comes off, it becomes a SLOWPOKE again."
551,sandile,It conceals itself in the sand and chomps down on the legs of any prey that unwarily walk over it. Its favorite food is Trapinch.
386,deoxys,this Pokémon emerged from a virus that came from space. It is highly intelligent and wields psychokinetic powers.This POKéMON shoots lasers from the crystalline organ on its chest.
27,sandshrew,"Its body is dry. When it gets cold at night, its hide is said to become coated with a fine dew."
259,marshtomp,"Its toughened hind legs enable it to stand upright. Because it weakens if its skin dries out, it replenishes fluids by playing in mud."
597,ferroseed,It absorbs the iron it finds in the rock while clinging to the ceiling. It shoots spikes when in danger.
180,flaaffy,Its fluffy fleece easily stores electricity. Its rubbery hide keeps it from being electrocuted.
480,uxie,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the ability to solve problems. It was the birth of knowledge."
23,ekans,It sneaks through grass without making a sound and strikes unsuspecting prey from behind.
376,metagross,"METANG combined to form it. With four brains, it has the intelligence of a supercomputer."
568,trubbish,"Unsanitary places are what they like best. They can be spotted in Alola, often with Grimer in hot pursuit."
316,gulpin,"There is nothing its stomach can’t digest. While it is digesting, vile, overpowering gases are expelled."
108,lickitung,"Being licked by its long, saliva-covered tongue leaves a tingling sensation. Extending its tongue retracts its tail."
144,articuno,"One of the legendary bird Pokémon, it chills moisture in the atmosphere to create snow while flying."
180,flaaffy,"Not even downy wool will grow on its rubbery, nonconductive patches of skin that prevent electrical shock."
225,delibird,this Pokémon carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peakof Mt. Everest thanks to one of these POKéMON sharing its food.
31,nidoqueen,Its hard scales provide strong protection. Ituses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves.
194,wooper,"When walking on land, it covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating."
689,barbaracle,"this Pokémon’s legs and hands have minds of their own, and they will move independently. But they usually follow the head’s orders."
727,incineroar,"Although it’s rough mannered and egotistical, it finds beating down unworthy opponents boring. It gets motivated for stronger opponents."
354,banette,"A cursed energy permeated the stuffing of a discarded and forgotten plush doll, giving it new life as this Pokémon. The Pokémon’s energy would escape if it were to ever open its mouth."
253,grovyle,"It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch."
821,rookidee,"It will bravely challenge any opponent, no matter how powerful. This Pokémon benefits from every battle—even a defeat increases its strength a bit."
501,oshawott,"It fights using the scalchop on its stomach. In response to an attack, it retaliates immediately by slashing."
347,anorith,A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
376,metagross,"METANG combined to form it. With four brains, it has the intelligence of a supercomputer."
34,nidoking,"It swings its big tail around during battle. If its foe flinches, it will charge with its sturdy body."
427,buneary,Its ears are always rolled up. They can be forcefully extended to shatter even a large boulder.
438,bonsly,It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level.
376,metagross,"It analyzes its opponents with more accuracy than a supercomputer, which enables it to calmly back them into a corner."
729,brionne,"It cares deeply for its companions. When its Trainer is feeling down, it performs a cheery dance to try and help."
400,bibarel,"A river dammed by this Pokémon will never overflow its banks, which is appreciated by people nearby."
275,shiftry,A Pokémon that was feared as a forest guardian. It can read the foe’s mind and take preemptive action.
112,rhydon,Its brain developed after it stood up on its hind legs. Its drill horn bores tunnels through solid rock.
73,tentacruel,"Normally, it has 80 poisonous tentacles. The longer one has been alive, the fewer tentacles it will have."
13,weedle,It attacks using a two-inch poison barb on its head. It can usually be found under the leaves it eats.
458,mantyke,People organize tours to see this Pokémon frolic and skim the tops of waves with Remoraid.
125,electabuzz,"If a major power outage occurs, it is certain that this Pokémon has eaten electricity at a power plant."
95,onix,It usually lives underground. It searches for food while boring its way through the ground at 50 miles per hour.
315,roselia,A this Pokémon that drinks nutritionally rich springwater blooms with lovely flowers. The fragrance of its flowers has the effect of making its foes careless.
121,starmie,It rotates its geometrically shaped body to swim through the water. It always seems to be sending out mysterious radio waves.
161,sentret,It has a very nervous nature. It stands up high on its tail so it can scan wide areas.
20,raticate,It whittles its constantly growing fangs by gnawing on hard things. It can chew apart cinder walls.
99,kingler,"Its large and hard pincer has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, being so big, it is unwieldy to move."
17,pidgeotto,"It flies over its wide territory in search of prey, downing it with its highly developed claws."
56,mankey,"It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason."
501,oshawott,The scalchop on its stomach isn’t just used for battle--it can be used to break open hard berries as well.
113,chansey,It lays several eggs a day and won’t share them with those who have evil in their hearts.
271,lombre,"this Pokémon is nocturnal—it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief maker. When this Pokémon spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation."
41,zubat,"Capable of flying safely in dark places, it emitsultrasonic cries to check for any obstacles."
257,blaziken,"When facing a tough foe, it looses flames from its wrists. Its powerful legs let it jump clear over buildings."
347,anorith,"this Pokémon is said to be a type of POKéMON predecessor, with eight wings at the sides of its body.This POKéMON swam in the primordial sea by undulating these eight wings."
183,marill,"The oil-filled tail functions as a buoy, so it’s fine even in rivers with strong currents."
242,blissey,"It has a very compassionate nature. If it sees a sick Pokémon, it will nurse the sufferer back to health."
218,slugma,"It is a species of POKéMON that lives in volcanic areas. If its body cools, its skin hardens and immobilizes it. To avoid that, it sleeps near magma."
408,cranidos,"A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with head butts."
261,poochyena,"A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted."
569,garbodor,They absorb garbage and make it part of their bodies. They shoot a poisonous liquid from their right-hand fingertips.
337,lunatone,Its health ebbs and flows with the lunar cycle. It brims with power when exposed to the light of the full moon.
114,tangela,"this Pokémon’s vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway.The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day."
268,cascoon,"If it is attacked, this Pokémon remains motionless however badly it may be hurt. It does so because if it were to move, its body would be weak upon evolution. This Pokémon will also not forget the pain it endured."
279,pelipper,It is a flying transporter that carries small POKéMON in its beak. It bobs on the waves to rest its wings.
244,entei,"It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe."
565,carracosta,"It could knock out a foe with a slap from one of its developed front appendages and chew it up, shell or bones and all."
49,venomoth,"this Pokémon are nocturnal--they only are active at night. Their favorite prey are insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness."
361,snorunt,It is said that a home visited by a this Pokémon will prosper. It can withstand cold of minus 150 degrees Fahrenheit.
303,mawile,"Don’t be taken in by this Pokémon’s cute face—it’s very dangerous. this Pokémon fools the foe into letting down its guard, then chomps down with its massive jaws. The steel jaws are really horns that have been transformed."
242,blissey,"It has a very compassionate nature. If it sees a sick POKéMON, it will nurse the sufferer back to health."
338,solrock,"this Pokémon is a new species of Pokémon that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in air and moves silently. In battle, this Pokémon releases intensely bright light."
440,happiny,"It carries a round, egg-shaped rock in its belly pouch and gives the rock to its friends."
91,cloyster,It fights by keeping its shell tightly shut for protection and by shooting spikes to repel foes.
29,nidoran-f,"NIDORAN has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for thissmall-bodied POKéMON. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn."
235,smeargle,"It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks."
246,larvitar,It is born deep underground. It can’t emerge until it has entirely consumed the soil around it.
418,buizel,"It swims by rotating its two tails like a screw. When it dives, its flotation sac collapses."
72,tentacool,Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook them by accident are often punished by their stingers.
61,poliwhirl,"Its two legs are well developed. Even though it can live on the ground, it prefers living in water."
154,meganium,"The fragrance of this Pokémon’s flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this POKéMON gives off moreof its becalming scent to blunt the foe’s fighting spirit."
180,flaaffy,"Because of its rubbery, electric­ ity-resistantskin, it can store lots of electric­ ity in its fur."
105,marowak,It throws bones at Mandibuzz to knock it down. It’s thought that this Pokémon is trying to avenge its parent.
208,steelix,"It’s said that if an ONIX lives for 100 years, its composition becomes diamondlike as it evolves into a this Pokémon."
187,hoppip,"It drifts on winds. It is said that when this Pokémon gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way."
632,durant,"Individuals each play different roles in driving Heatmor, their natural predator, away from their colony."
143,snorlax,"When its belly is full, it becomes too lethargic to even lift a finger, so it is safe to bounce on its belly."
663,talonflame,"It zooms directly at its prey at flight speeds of close to 310 mph, while fiery embers scatter from gaps in its feathers."
104,cubone,"The skull it wears on its head is that of its dead mother. According to some, it will evolve when it comes to terms with the pain of her death."
587,emolga,It grills berries and bug Pokémon with electric shocks and makes a meal of them. It usually nests in the holes gouged in trees by Pikipek.
555,darmanitan,"When one is injured in a fierce battle, it hardens into a stone-like form. Then it meditates and sharpens its mind."
887,dragapult,"When it isn’t battling, it keeps Dreepy in the holes on its horns. Once a fight starts, it launches the Dreepy like supersonic missiles."
355,duskull,this Pokémon wanders lost among the deep darkness of midnight. There is an oft-told admonishment given to misbehaving children that this Pokémon will spirit away bad children who earn scoldings from their mothers.
182,bellossom,"When this Pokémon gets exposed to plenty of sunlight, the leaves ringing its body begin to spin around. This Pokémon’s dancing is renowned in the southern lands."
9,blastoise,The jets of water it spouts from the rocket cannons on its shell can punch through thick steel.
53,persian,A this Pokémon’s six bold whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in its vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.
698,amaura,this Pokémon is an ancient Pokémon that has gone extinct. Specimens of this species can sometimes be found frozen in ice.
287,slakoth,It spends nearly all its time in a day sprawled out. Just seeing it makes one drowsy.
115,kangaskhan,this Pokémon’s maternal love is so deep that it will brave death to protect its offspring.
95,onix,"It rapidly bores through the ground at 50 mph by squirming and twisting its massive, rugged body."
636,larvesta,"Said to have been born from the sun, it spews fire from its horns and encases itself in a cocoon of fire when it evolves."
53,persian,"A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk."
130,gyarados,There are people who swear that any place this Pokémon appears is fated for destruction.
184,azumarill,"These Pokémon create air-filled bubbles. When Azurill play in rivers, this Pokémon will cover them with these bubbles."
296,makuhita,It toughens up by slamming into thick trees over and over. It gains a sturdy body and dauntless spirit.
457,lumineon,It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins.
359,absol,"Rumored to sense disasters with its horn, it became a target. It fled deep into the mountains."
45,vileplume,"Its petals are the largest in the world. As it walks, it scatters extremely allergenic pollen."
245,suicune,It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
226,mantine,"Swimming freely in open seas, it may fly out of thewater and over the waves if it builds up enough speed."
193,yanma,It can hover in one spot by flapping its wings at high speed. It flits about to guard its territory.
340,whiscash,"If this Pokémon goes on a wild rampage, it sets off a quake-like tremor with a radius of over three miles.This POKéMON has the ability to predict real earthquakes."
254,sceptile,It agilely leaps about the jungle and uses the sharp leaves on its arms to strike its prey.
399,bidoof,A comparison revealed that this Pokémon’s front teeth grow at the same rate as Rattata’s.
688,binacle,"After two this Pokémon find a suitably sized rock, they adhere themselves to it and live together. They cooperate to gather food during high tide."
491,darkrai,"To protect itself, it afflicts those around it with nightmares. However, it means no harm."
51,dugtrio,"In battle, it digs through the ground and strikes the unsuspecting foe from an unexpected direction."
94,gengar,"Hiding in people’s shadows at night, it absorbs their heat. The chill it causes makes the victims shake."
55,golduck,It is seen swimming dynamically and elegantly using its well-developed limbs and flippers.
781,dhelmise,It wraps its prey in green seaweed and sucks away their vitality. It only likes to go after big prey like Wailord.
175,togepi,It is considered to be a symbol of good luck. Its shell is said to be filled with happiness.
261,poochyena,It has a very tenacious nature. Its acute sense of smell lets it chase a chosen prey without ever losing track.
248,tyranitar,"this Pokémon is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest.This POKéMON wanders about in mountains seeking new opponents to fight."
79,slowpoke,"It is always vacantly lost in thought, but no one knows what it is thinking about. It is good at fishing with its tail."
441,chatot,"It can learn and speak human words. If they gather, they all learn the same saying."
550,basculin,Red- and blue-striped this Pokémon are very violent and always fighting. They are also remarkably tasty.
340,whiscash,"this Pokémon is extremely territorial. Just one of these Pokémon will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If a foe approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake."
314,illumise,"this Pokémon attracts a swarm of Volbeat using a sweet fragrance. Once the Volbeat have gathered, this Pokémon leads the lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of the night sky."
123,scyther,Leaps out of tall grass and slices prey with its scythes. The movement looks like that of a ninja.
291,ninjask,"This POKéMON is so quick, it is said to be able to avoid any attack. It loves to feed on tree sap."
446,munchlax,"When it finds something that looks like it might be edible, it goes right ahead and swallows it whole. That’s why it gets fatter day by day."
20,raticate,The webs on its hind legs enable it to cross rivers. It searches wide areas for food.
165,ledyba,It is timid and clusters together with others. The fluid secreted by its feet indicates its location.
40,wigglytuff,"When it gets angry, it inhales with all its might, and its body gradually inflates. Sometimes they can grow 20 times larger!"
200,misdreavus,"If you hear a sobbing sound emanating from a vacant room, it’s undoubtedly a bit of mischief from this Pokémon."
354,banette,"It’s a stuffed toy that was thrown away and became possessed, ever searching for the one who threw it away so it can exact its revenge."
161,sentret,It has a very nervous nature. It stands up high on its tail so it can scan wide areas.
14,kakuna,"this Pokémon remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as it prepares for its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell becomes to the touch."
468,togekiss,"As everyone knows, it visits peaceful regions, bringing them gifts of kindness and sweet blessings."
85,dodrio,"If one of the heads gets to eat, the others will besatisfied, too, and they will stop squabbling."
595,joltik,"Since it can’t generate its own electricity, it sticks onto large-bodied Pokémon and absorbs static electricity."
129,magikarp,"An underpowered, pathetic Pokémon. It may jump high on rare occasions, but usually not more than seven feet."
367,huntail,"It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey."
338,solrock,"When it rotates itself, it gives off light similar to the sun, thus blinding its foes."
102,exeggcute,"It consists of six eggs that care for each other. The eggs attract each other and spin around. When cracks increasingly appear, it is close to evolution."
383,groudon,It had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought KYOGRE long ago.
26,raichu,It turns aggressive if it has too much electricity in its body. It discharges power through its tail.
11,metapod,A steel-hard shell protects its tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution.
547,whimsicott,"They appear along with whirlwinds. They pull pranks, such as moving furniture and leaving balls of cotton in homes."
325,spoink,It bounces around on its tail to keep its heart pumping. It carries a pearl from CLAMPERL on its head.
144,articuno,A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear todoomed people who are lost in icy mountains.
505,watchog,"When they see an enemy, their tails stand high, and they spit the seeds of berries stored in their cheek pouches."
140,kabuto,"This Pokémon lived in ancient times. On rare occasions, it has been discovered as a living fossil."
622,golett,"The energy that burns inside it enables it to move, but no one has yet been able to identify this energy."
255,torchic,"A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees F."
762,steenee,Any Corvisquire that pecks at this Pokémon will be greeted with a smack from its sepals followed by a sharp kick.
794,buzzwole,this Pokémon goes around showing off its abnormally swollen muscles. It is one kind of Ultra Beast.
106,hitmonlee,This amazing Pokémon has an awesome sense of balance. It can kick in succession from any position.
370,luvdisc,"If a this Pokémon is left on its own, it becomes despondent, leaving itself open to attack. That is when Pelipper snatch them up."
316,gulpin,"It has a small heart and brain. Its stomach comprises most of its body, with enzymes to dissolve anything."
665,spewpa,"It lives hidden within thicket shadows. When predators attack, it quickly bristles the fur covering its body in an effort to threaten them."
108,lickitung,Its tongue is twice the length of its body. It can be moved like an arm for grabbing food and attacking.
170,chinchou,Its two antennae were originally fins. It discharges electricity to stun its prey before attacking.
154,meganium,The aroma that rises from its petals contains a substance that calms aggressive feelings.
630,mandibuzz,"They fly in circles around the sky. When they spot prey, they attack and carry it back to their nest with ease."
728,popplio,This Pokémon can control water bubbles. It practices diligently so it can learn to make big bubbles.
409,rampardos,"In ancient times, people would dig up fossils of this Pokémon and use its skull, which is harder than steel, to make helmets."
783,hakamo-o,"Before attacking its enemies, it clashes its scales together and roars. Its sharp claws shred the opposition."
476,probopass,It exudes strong magnetism from all over. It controls three small units called Mini-Noses.
801,magearna,"This artificial Pokémon, constructed more than 500 years ago, can understand human speech but cannot itself speak."
40,wigglytuff,Its fine fur feels sublime to the touch. It can expand its body by inhaling air.
740,crabominable,"Before it stops to think, it just starts pummeling. There are records of its turning back avalanches with a flurry of punches."
256,combusken,It boosts its concentration by emitting harsh cries. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power.
42,golbat,"Once it starts sucking blood, it does not stop until it is full. It flies at night in search of prey."
151,mew,"Apparently, it appears only to those people whoare pure of heart and have a strong desire to see it."
261,poochyena,It has a very tenacious nature. Its acute sense of smell lets it chase a chosen prey without ever losing track.
267,beautifly,"this Pokémon’s favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this Pokémon, just leave a potted flower by an open window. this Pokémon is sure to come looking for pollen."
521,unfezant,Males swing their head plumage to threaten opponents. The females’ flying abilities surpass those of the males.
762,steenee,This Pokémon is always bouncing around energetically. Other Pokémon are attracted by its lively appearance and pleasant aroma.
210,granbull,"Because its fangs are too heavy, it always keeps its head tilted down. However, its BITE is powerful."
604,eelektross,They crawl out of the ocean using their arms. They will attack prey on shore and immediately drag it into the ocean.
418,buizel,"It swims by rotating its two tails like a screw. When it dives, its flotation sac collapses."
190,aipom,Its tail is so powerful that it can use it to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air.
348,armaldo,"After evolution, this Pokémon emerged onto land. Its lower body has become stronger, and blows from its tail are devastating."
428,lopunny,"The ears appear to be delicate. If they are touched roughly, it kicks with its graceful legs."
24,arbok,The pattern on its belly is for intimidation. It constricts foes while they are frozen in fear.
625,bisharp,this Pokémon pursues prey in the company of a large group of Pawniard. Then this Pokémon finishes off the prey.
214,heracross,"It gathers in forests to search for tree sap, its favorite food. It’s strong enough to hurl foes."
23,ekans,It sneaks through grass without making a sound and strikes unsuspecting prey from behind.
662,fletchinder,"From its beak, it expels embers that set the tall grass on fire. Then it pounces on the bewildered prey that pop out of the grass."
127,pinsir,"Its two long pincer horns are powerful. Once they grip an enemy, they won’t release until the foe is torn."
143,snorlax,"Very lazy. Just eats and sleeps. As its rotund bulk builds, it becomes steadily more slothful."
561,sigilyph,A discovery was made in the desert where this Pokémon fly. The ruins of what may have been an ancient city were found beneath the sands.
220,swinub,"If it smells some­ thing enticing, it dashes headlongoff to find the source of the aroma."
281,kirlia,It is said that a this Pokémon that is exposed to the positive emotions of its TRAINER grows beautiful.This POKéMON controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain.
28,sandslash,Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. It can roll while curled up to attack or escape.
96,drowzee,"It finds really fun dreams tasty. When it makes friends with people, it may show them the most delicious dreams it’s ever eaten."
219,magcargo,The shell on its back is just skin that has cooled and hardened. It breaks easily with a slight touch.
409,rampardos,"If two were to smash their heads together, their foot-thick skulls would keep them from fainting."
108,lickitung,"Being licked by its long, saliva-covered tongue leaves a tingling sensation. Extending its tongue retracts its tail."
348,armaldo,It went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor.
325,spoink,It bounces around on its tail to keep its heart pumping. It carries a pearl from Clamperl on its head.
406,budew,"Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen."
140,kabuto,It is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell.
600,klang,"A minigear and big gear comprise its body. If the minigear it launches at a foe doesn’t return, it will die."
699,aurorus,"this Pokémon was restored from a fossil. It’s said that when this Pokémon howls, auroras appear in the night sky."
165,ledyba,"When the weather turns cold, lots of this Pokémon gather from everywhere to cluster and keep each other warm."
279,pelipper,"Skimming the water’s surface, it dips its large bill in the sea, scoops up food and water, and carries it."
217,ursaring,"In its territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits."
98,krabby,It lives in burrows dug on sandy beaches. Its pincers fully grow back if they are broken in battle.
156,quilava,It intimidates foes with the heat of its flames. The fire burns more strongly when it readies to fight.
291,ninjask,"This Pokémon is so quick, it is said to be able to avoid any attack. It loves to feed on tree sap."
35,clefairy,It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of this Pokémon dancing under a full moon.
279,pelipper,"It is a messenger of the skies, carrying small Pokémon and eggs to safety in its bill."
755,morelull,this Pokémon live in forests that stay dark even during the day. They scatter flickering spores that put enemies to sleep.
414,mothim,"While it loves floral honey, it won’t gather any itself. Instead, it plots to steal some from Combee."
231,phanpy,It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
225,delibird,It carries food bundled up in its tail. There was a famous explorer who managed to scale Mt. Everest thanks to a this Pokémon sharing its food.
334,altaria,this Pokémon sings in a gorgeous soprano. Its wings are like cotton clouds. This Pokémon catches updrafts with its buoyant wings and soars way up into the wild blue yonder.
194,wooper,This Pokémon lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside.
387,turtwig,"The shell on its back is made of soil. On a very healthy this Pokémon, the shell should feel moist."
226,mantine,"On sunny days, schools of this Pokémon can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea’s waves.This POKéMON is not bothered by the REMORAID that hitches rides."
301,delcatty,"this Pokémon prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can do as it pleases at its own pace.Because this POKéMON eats and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are completely random."
6,charizard,It is said that this Pokémon’s fire burns hotter if it has experienced harsh battles.
367,huntail,"It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey."
104,cubone,"It always wears the skull of its dead mother, so no one has any idea what its hidden face looks like."
396,starly,"They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power."
53,persian,The gem in its forehead glows on its own! It walks with all the grace and elegance of a proud queen.
359,absol,It sharply senses even subtle changes in the sky and the land to predict natural disasters. It is a long-lived POKéMON that has a life-span of 100 years.
319,sharpedo,It drinks in seawater and jets it from its rear to propel itself. It’s very sensitive to the scent of blood.
469,yanmega,Its jaw power is incredible. It is adept at biting apart foes while flying by at high speed.
128,tauros,These violent POKéMON fight with other mem­bers of their herd in order to prove their strength.
18,pidgeot,"By flapping its wings with all its might, this Pokémon can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees."
320,wailmer,"this Pokémon can store water inside its body to transform itself into a ball for bouncing around on the ground. By filling itself up with more water, this Pokémon can elevate the height of its bounces."
79,slowpoke,Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes 5 secondsfor it to feel pain when under attack.
32,nidoran-m,It scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection.
279,pelipper,"It protects its young in its beak. It bobs on waves, resting on them on days when the waters are calm."
6,charizard,It is said that this Pokémon’s fire burns hotter if it has experienced harsh battles.
607,litwick,"While shining a light and pretending to be a guide, it leeches off the life force of any who follow it."
453,croagunk,"Inflating its poison sacs, it fills the area with an odd sound and hits flinching opponents with a poison jab."
399,bidoof,It lives in groups by the water. It chews up boulders and trees around its nest with its incisors.
384,rayquaza,It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
59,arcanine,Legends tell of its fighting alongside a general and conquering a whole country.
102,exeggcute,"Their shells are very durable. Even if they crack, they can survive without spilling their contents."
606,beheeyem,It uses psychic power to control an opponent’s brain and tamper with its memories.
354,banette,A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge of being thrown away. It seeks the child who disowned it.
341,corphish,Its hardy vitality enables it to adapt to any environment. Its pincers will never release prey.
255,torchic,this Pokémon has a place inside its body where it keeps its flame. Give it a hug—it will be glowing with warmth. This Pokémon is covered all over by a fluffy coat of down.
624,pawniard,"Ignoring their injuries, groups attack by sinking the blades that cover their bodies into their prey."
592,frillish,"If its veil-like arms stun and wrap a foe, that foe will be dragged miles below the surface, never to return."
97,hypno,"Seeing its swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up."
125,electabuzz,Electricity permeates its body. It swings its arms round and round to charge up electricity before unleashing a punch.
264,linoone,It uses its explosive speed and razor-sharp claws to bring down prey. Running along winding paths is not its strong suit.
597,ferroseed,It absorbs the iron it finds in the rock while clinging to the ceiling. It shoots spikes when in danger.
562,yamask,Each of them carries a mask that used to be its face when it was human. Sometimes they look at it and cry.
290,nincada,this Pokémon lives underground for many years in complete darkness. This Pokémon absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees. It stays motionless as it waits for evolution.
192,sunflora,"It converts sunlight into energy. In the darkness after sunset, it closes its petals and becomes still."
301,delcatty,It dislikes dirty places. It often searches for a comfortable place in which to groom itself.
637,volcarona,"Thought to be an embodiment of the sun, it appeared during a bitterly cold winter and saved Pokémon from freezing."
77,ponyta,"About an hour after birth, its fiery mane and tail grow out, giving it an impressive appearance."
165,ledyba,"It is so timid, it can’t move if it isn’t with a swarm of others. It conveys its feelings with scent."
248,tyranitar,"Its body can't be harmed by any sort of attack, so itis very eager to make challenges against enemies."
160,feraligatr,"It usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey."
149,dragonite,It is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore.
12,butterfree,"Nectar from pretty flowers is its favorite food. In fields of flowers, it has heated battles with Cutiefly for territory."
320,wailmer,"Due to their memories of when they once lived on land, pods of them will, very rarely, wash up on shore."
138,omanyte,An ancient Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. It swam by cleverly twisting its 10 tentacles about.
420,cherubi,"The small ball is not only filled with nutrients, it is also tasty. Starly try to peck it off."
108,lickitung,"Its long tongue, slathered with a gooey saliva,sticks to any­ thing, so it is very useful."
151,mew,"this Pokémon is said to possess the genetic composition of all Pokémon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people."
75,graveler,"It rolls on mountain paths to move. Once it builds momentum, no Pokémon can stop it without difficulty."
140,kabuto,A Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. It used the eyes on its back while hiding on the seafloor.
88,grimer,Appears in filthy areas. Thrives by sucking uppolluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.
274,nuzleaf,They live in holes bored in large trees. The sound of this Pokémon’s grass flute fills listeners with dread.
250,ho-oh,A legend says that its body glows in seven colors. A rainbow is said to form behind it when it flies.
393,piplup,"Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold."
175,togepi,A proverb claims that happiness will come to anyone who can make a sleeping this Pokémon stand up.
506,lillipup,"It faces strong opponents with great courage. But, when at a disadvantage in a fight, this intelligent Pokémon flees."
358,chimecho,It uses the sucker on its head to hang from a tree or from eaves. It can produce seven different tones.
350,milotic,this Pokémon is breathtakingly beautiful. Those that see it are said to forget their combative spirits.
640,virizion,Legends say this Pokémon confounded opponents with its swift movements.
537,seismitoad,The vibrating of the bumps all over its body causes earthquake-like tremors. this Pokémon and Croagunk are similar species.
161,sentret,"When this Pokémon sleeps, it does so while another stands guard. The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger. When this Pokémon becomes separated from its pack, it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear."
482,azelf,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the determination to do things. It was the birth of willpower."
51,dugtrio,These DIGLETT triplets dig over 60 miles below sealevel. No one knows what it's like underground.
155,cyndaquil,"this Pokémon protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back. The flames are vigorous if the POKéMONis angry. However, if it is tired, the flames splutter fitfully with incomplete combustion."
76,golem,Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It caneasily withstand dynamite blasts without damage.
120,staryu,No number of injuries can bother this Pokémon. Its amazing regenerative powers return it to its previous state in half a day!
131,lapras,It loves crossing the sea with people and Pokémon on its back. It understands human speech.
208,steelix,The iron it ingested with the soil it swallowed transformed its body and made it harder than diamonds.
10,caterpie,Its short feet are tipped with suction pads that enable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls.
736,grubbin,"Its natural enemies, like Rookidee, may flee rather than risk getting caught in its large mandibles that can snap thick tree branches."
473,mamoswine,Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age.
567,archeops,It runs better than it flies. It takes off into the sky by running at a speed of 25 mph.
222,corsola,"In a south sea nation, the people live in communities that are built on groups of these POKéMON."
386,deoxys,An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon.
357,tropius,It lives in tropical jungles. The bunch of fruit around its neck is delicious. The fruit grows twice a year.
139,omastar,It is thought that this Pokémon became extinct because its spiral shell grew too large.
307,meditite,It always trains deep in mountains. It levitates when it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
212,scizor,"This POKéMON's pincers, which contain steel, cancrush any hard object it gets a hold of into bits."
753,fomantis,"During the day, this Pokémon basks in sunlight and sleeps peacefully. It wakes and moves around at night."
329,vibrava,The ultrasonic waves it generates by rubbing its two wings together cause severe headaches.
727,incineroar,"After hurling ferocious punches and flinging furious kicks, it finishes opponents off by spewing fire from around its navel."
72,tentacool,Its body is virtually composed of water. It shoots strange beams from its crystal-like eyes.
521,unfezant,Males have plumage on their heads. They will never let themselves feel close to anyone other than their Trainers.
299,nosepass,"When endangered, it may protect itself by raising its magnetism and drawing iron objects to its body."
670,floette,"It gives its own power to flowers, pouring its heart into caring for them. this Pokémon never forgives anyone who messes up a flower bed."
172,pichu,"It has electric sacs in its cheeks. When they’re fully charged, this Pokémon plays very energetically."
208,steelix,this Pokémon lives even further underground than Onix. This Pokémon is known to dig toward the earth’s core. There are records of this Pokémon reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
462,magnezone,It uses radar to monitor its territory. Intruders are quickly disposed of with a hyper beam.
419,floatzel,It is a common sight around fishing ports. It is known to rescue people and carry off prey.
107,hitmonchan,"To increase the strength of all its punch moves,it spins its arms just before making contact."
89,muk,A toxic fluid seeps from its body. The fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact.
481,mesprit,"When this Pokémon flew, people learned the joy and sadness of living. It was the birth of emotions."
795,pheromosa,"One of the Ultra Beasts. It refuses to touch anything, perhaps because it senses some uncleanness in this world."
373,salamence,"It flies around on its wings, which have grown in at last. In its happiness, it gushes hot flames, burning up the fields it passes over."
620,mienshao,It overwhelms its opponents with continuous attacks and then slowly stores up power before delivering the finishing blow.
42,golbat,"However hard its victim's hide may be, it punctureswith sharp fangs and gorges itself with blood."
298,azurill,A Pokémon that lives by water. It moves quickly on land by bouncing on its big tail.
545,scolipede,"With quick movements, it chases down its foes, attacking relentlessly with its horns until it prevails."
267,beautifly,"Despite its appearance, it has an aggressive nature. It attacks by jabbing with its long, thin mouth."
22,fearow,this Pokémon is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey.
65,alakazam,"this Pokémon’s brain continually grows, making its head far too heavy to support with its neck. This Pokémon holds its head up using its psychokinetic power instead."
105,marowak,"From its birth, this savage Pokémon constantly holds bones. It is skilled in using them as weapons."
89,muk,"Because they scatter germs everywhere, they’ve long been targeted for extermination, leading to a steep decline in their population."
304,aron,"When this Pokémon evolves, its steel armor peels off. In ancient times, people would collect this Pokémon’s shed armor and make good use of it in their daily lives."
619,mienfoo,"Though small, this Pokémon’s temperament is fierce. Any creature that approaches this Pokémon carelessly will be greeted with a flurry of graceful attacks."
87,dewgong,this Pokémon loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this POKéMON sleeping ona glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago.
344,claydol,"this Pokémon is an enigma that appeared from a clay statue made by an ancient civilization dating back 20,000 years.This POKéMON shoots beams from both its hands."
314,illumise,"Its fragrance attracts a swarm of VOLBEAT, so they draw over 200 patterns in the night sky."
92,gastly,"Its body is made of gas. Despite lacking substance, it can envelop an opponent of any size and cause suffocation."
227,skarmory,"Its heavy-looking iron body is actually thin and light, so it can fly at speeds over 180 mph."
203,girafarig,"Its tail, which also contains a small brain, maybite on its own if it notices an alluring smell."
291,ninjask,"If this Pokémon is not trained properly, it will refuse to obey the TRAINER and cry loudly continuously.Because of this quality, this POKéMON is said to be one that puts the TRAINER’s abilities to the test."
482,azelf,"It is thought that Uxie, Mesprit, and this Pokémon all came from the same egg."
606,beheeyem,It uses psychic power to control an opponent’s brain and tamper with its memories.
615,cryogonal,"They are composed of ice crystals. They capture prey with chains of ice, freezing the prey at -148 degrees Fahrenheit."
72,tentacool,"Because its body is almost entirely composed of water, it shrivels up if it is washed ashore."
704,goomy,"Because most of its body is water, it will dry up if the weather becomes too arid. It’s considered the weakest dragon Pokémon."
525,boldore,"When it is healthy, its core sticks out. Always facing the same way, it swiftly moves front to back and left to right."
47,parasect,A mushroom grown larger than the host’s body controls this Pokémon. It scatters poisonous spores.
555,darmanitan,"When one is injured in a fierce battle, it hardens into a stone-like form. Then it meditates and sharpens its mind."
28,sandslash,"It is skilled at slashing enemies with its claws. If broken, they start to grow back in a day."
160,feraligatr,"When it bites with its massive and powerful jaws, itshakes its head and savagely tears its victim up."
439,mime-jr,"It habitually mimics foes. Once mimicked, the foe cannot take its eyes off this Pokémon."
342,crawdaunt,"this Pokémon molts (sheds) its shell regularly. Immediately after molting, its shell is soft and tender. Until the shell hardens, this Pokémon hides in its streambed burrow to avoid attack from its foes."
55,golduck,Its slim and long limbs end in broad flippers. Theyare used for swim­ ming gracefully in lakes.
300,skitty,It’s adorable when it chases its own tail. It’s difficult to earn its trust.
106,hitmonlee,Its legs can stretch double. First-time foes are startled by its extensible reach.
143,snorlax,"When its belly is full, it becomes too lethargic to even lift a finger, so it is safe to bounce on its belly."
186,politoed,It gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make POLIWAG obey.
454,toxicroak,"It has a poison sac at its throat. When it croaks, the stored poison is churned for greater potency."
21,spearow,Eats bugs in grassy areas. It has to flap itsshort wings at high speed to stay airborne.
340,whiscash,"It claims a large swamp to itself. If a foe comes near it, it sets off tremors by thrashing around."
20,raticate,It whittles its constantly growing fangs by gnawing on hard things. It can chew apart cinder walls.
264,linoone,"It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails."
789,cosmog,"Whether or not it’s a Pokémon from this world is a mystery. When it’s in a jam, it warps away to a safe place to hide."
662,fletchinder,"this Pokémon launches embers into the den of its prey. When the prey comes leaping out, this Pokémon’s sharp talons finish it off."
1,bulbasaur,There is a plant seed on its back right from the day this Pokémon is born. The seed slowly grows larger.
37,vulpix,"It manipulates balls of fire to catch its prey. If you raise one from when it’s young, it will grow close to you like a puppy Pokémon."
132,ditto,Capable of copying an enemy's genetic code to instantlytransform itself into a duplicate of the enemy.
150,mewtwo,A Pokémon created by recombining MEW’s genes. It’s said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon.
239,elekid,"When a storm approaches, this Pokémon gets restless. Once this Pokémon hears the sound of thunder, it gets full-on rowdy."
195,quagsire,"This carefree POKéMON has an easy-going nature.While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls."
242,blissey,This kindhearted Pokémon nurses sick Pokémon to health. It senses feelings of sadness.
188,skiploom,"this Pokémon’s flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. How much the flower opens depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pokémon is sometimes used as a thermometer."
390,chimchar,The gas made in its belly burns from its rear end. The fire burns weakly when it feels sick.
222,corsola,"Clusters of this Pokémon congregate in warm seas where they serve as ideal hiding places for smaller Pokémon. When the water temperature falls, this Pokémon migrates to the southern seas."
743,ribombee,"this Pokémon absolutely hate getting wet or rained on. In the cloudy Galar region, they are very seldom seen."
477,dusknoir,It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
42,golbat,"Once it starts sucking blood, it does not stop until it is full. It flies at night in search of prey."
492,shaymin,The blooming of Gracidea flowers confers the power of flight upon it. Feelings of gratitude are the message it delivers.
86,seel,A Pokémon that lives on icebergs. It swims in the sea using the point on its head to break up ice.
706,goodra,"Sometimes it misunderstands instructions and appears dazed or bewildered. Many Trainers don’t mind, finding this behavior to be adorable."
16,pidgey,"It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back."
350,milotic,"When people bicker, it is said to arise from the depths of lakes to becalm violent hearts."
553,krookodile,"While terribly aggressive, this Pokémon also has the patience to stay hidden under sand for days, lying in wait for prey."
764,comfey,"It attaches flowers to its highly nutritious vine. This revitalizes the flowers, and they give off an aromatic scent."
183,marill,"The tip of its tail, which contains oil that is lighter than water, lets it swim without drowning."
63,abra,It senses impending attacks and teleports away to safety before the actual attacks can strike.
91,cloyster,"this Pokémon is capable of swimming in the sea. It does so by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. This Pokémon shoots spikes from its shell using the same system."
579,reuniclus,"When this Pokémon shake hands, a network forms between their brains, increasing their psychic power."
398,staraptor,It has a savage nature. It will courageously challenge foes that are much larger.
341,corphish,"No matter how dirty the water in the river, it will adapt and thrive. It has a strong will to survive."
84,doduo,"It lives on a grassy plain where it can see a longway. If it sees an enemy, it runs away at 60 mph."
304,aron,"this Pokémon has a body of steel. With one all-out charge, this Pokémon can demolish even a heavy dump truck. The destroyed dump truck then becomes a handy meal for the Pokémon."
550,basculin,"Red and blue this Pokémon usually do not get along, but sometimes members of one school mingle with the other’s school."
91,cloyster,"Its shell is extremely hard. It cannot be shattered, even with a bomb. The shell opens only when it is attacking."
552,krokorok,They live in groups of a few individuals. Protective membranes shield their eyes from sandstorms.
12,butterfree,"In battle, it flaps its wings at great speed to release highly toxic dust into the air."
177,natu,this Pokémon has a highly developed jumping ability. The Pokémon flaps and leaps onto tree branches that are taller than grown-up people to pick at the tree’s new shoots.
245,suicune,this Pokémon embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness.This POKéMON has the power to purify dirty water.
185,sudowoodo,"Apparently, the larger the green parts of this Pokémon, the more collectors value it. It’s a particular favorite among elderly people."
84,doduo,"this Pokémon’s two heads contain completely identical brains. A scientific study reported that on rare occasions, there will be examples of this Pokémon possessing different sets of brains."
35,clefairy,"Adored for their cute looks and playfulness. They are thought to be rare, as they do not appear often."
255,torchic,"A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees F."
462,magnezone,Three units generate magnetism. There have been many mistaken reports of UFO sightings when this Pokémon flies through the night sky.
644,zekrom,"Concealing itself in lightning clouds, it flies throughout the Unova region. It creates electricity in its tail."
323,camerupt,The humps on this Pokémon’s back are formed by a transformation of its bones. They sometimes blast out moltenmagma. This POKéMON apparently erupts often when it is enraged.
335,zangoose,"If it comes across a SEVIPER, its fur bristles and it assumes its battle pose. Its sharp claws are its best weapon."
249,lugia,It is said that it quietly spends its time deep at the bottom of the sea because its powers are too strong.
134,vaporeon,Its cell structure is similar to water molecules. It melts into the water and becomes invisible.
616,shelmet,It evolves when bathed in an electric-like energy along with Karrablast. The reason is still unknown.
20,raticate,It uses its whis­ kers to maintain its balance.It apparently slows down if they are cut off.
127,pinsir,"It grips prey with its pincers until the prey is torn in half. What it can’t tear, it tosses far."
133,eevee,Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element STONES.
318,carvanha,"If they scent the faintest trace of blood, they rush to attack en masse. When alone, they’re rather cowardly."
447,riolu,"It uses the shapes of auras, which change according to emotion, to communicate with others."
21,spearow,Eats bugs in grassy areas. It has to flap its short wings at high speed to stay airborne.
524,roggenrola,"It’s as hard as steel, but apparently a long soak in water will cause it to soften a bit."
395,empoleon,"If anyone were to hurt its pride, it would slash them with wings that can cleave through an ice floe."
265,wurmple,"It lives amidst tall grass and in forests. When attacked, it resists by pointing its venomous spikes at the foe."
409,rampardos,"Its skull withstands impacts of any magnitude. As a result, its brain never gets the chance to grow."
402,kricketune,There is a village that hosts a contest based on the amazingly variable cries of this Pokémon.
206,dunsparce,Its drill-tipped tail is used to burrow into the ground backwards. This POKéMON is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
679,honedge,"The blue eye on the sword’s handguard is the true body of this Pokémon. With its old cloth, it drains people’s lives away."
378,regice,"With cold air that can reach temperatures as low as −328 degrees Fahrenheit, this Pokémon instantly freezes any creature that approaches it."
18,pidgeot,"By flapping its wings with all its might, this Pokémon can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees."
288,vigoroth,this Pokémon is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can’t tolerate sitting still for even a minute.This POKéMON’s stress level rises if it can’t be moving constantly.
432,purugly,"To make itself appear intimidatingly beefy, it tightly cinches its waist with its twin tails."
254,sceptile,The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
457,lumineon,It crawls along the seafloor using its long front fins like legs. It competes for food with Lanturn.
369,relicanth,"Discovered by chance during deep-sea explorations, it has not changed since ancient times."
520,tranquill,"Many people believe that, deep in the forest where this Pokémon live, there is a peaceful place where there is no war."
234,stantler,The round balls found on the fallen antlers canbe ground into a powder that aids in sleeping.
344,claydol,this Pokémon are said to be dolls of mud made by primitive humans and brought to life by exposure to a mysterious ray. This Pokémon moves about while levitating.
584,vanilluxe,"If both heads get angry simultaneously, this Pokémon expels a blizzard, burying everything in snow."
120,staryu,An enigmatic POKéMON that can effortlessly regenerate any appendage it loses in battle.
677,espurr,"Though this Pokémon’s expression never changes, behind that blank stare is an intense struggle to contain its devastating psychic power."
169,crobat,Having four wings enables it to fly faster and more quietly. It turns active when the night comes.
260,swampert,It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
65,alakazam,Its highly developed brain is on par with a supercomputer. It can use all forms of psychic abilities.
108,lickitung,Its tongue can be extended like a chameleon's. Itleaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies.
288,vigoroth,Its stress level rises if it cannot keep moving constantly. Too much stress makes it feel sick.
244,entei,this Pokémon embodies the passion of magma. This POKéMON is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano.It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch.
65,alakazam,"this Pokémon’s brain continually grows, making its head far too heavy to support with its neck.This POKéMON holds its head up using its psychokinetic power instead."
135,jolteon,Every hair on its body starts to stand sharply on end if it becomes charged with electricity.
323,camerupt,"If angered, the humps on its back erupt in a shower of molten lava. It lives in the craters of volcanoes."
39,jigglypuff,Uses its cute round eyes to enrapture its foe. It then sings a pleasing melody that lulls the foe to sleep.
362,glalie,"To protect itself, it clad its body in an armor of ice, made by freezing moisture in the air."
175,togepi,The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly.
85,dodrio,"When Doduo evolves into this odd breed, one of its heads splits into two. It runs at nearly 40 mph."
418,buizel,It has a flotation sac that is like an inflatable collar. It floats on water with its head out.
46,paras,Burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrooms on itsback grow by draw­ ing nutrients from the bug host.
146,moltres,One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring.
5,charmeleon,It lashes about with its tail to knock down its foe. It then tears up the fallen opponent with sharp claws.
458,mantyke,this Pokémon are friendly toward people and will approach boats closely. The patterns on their backs differ depending on their habitat.
83,farfetchd,The sprig of green onions it holds is itsweapon. It is used much like a metal sword.
707,klefki,These key collectors threaten any attackers by fiercely jingling their keys at them.
275,shiftry,"By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 ft/second that can level houses."
200,misdreavus,"this Pokémon frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. The POKéMON apparently uses its red spheres toabsorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition."
218,slugma,"It never sleeps. It has to keep moving because ifit stopped, its magma body would cool and harden."
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon are said to have identical patterns. It confuses foes with its stumbling motions.
88,grimer,It was born when sludge in a dirty stream was exposed to the moon’s X-rays. It appears among filth.
238,smoochum,"It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes."
52,meowth,"It loves to collect shiny things. If it’s in a good mood, it might even let its Trainer have a look at its hoard of treasures."
118,goldeen,"Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving it the nickname of “The Water Queen.”"
73,tentacruel,"Its 80 tentacles can stretch and shrink freely. this Pokémon ensnares prey in a net of spread-out tentacles, delivering venomous stings to its catch."
111,rhyhorn,"Its powerful tackles can destroy anything. However, it is too slow witted to help people work."
153,bayleef,this Pokémon’s neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree.The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
122,mr-mime,"A skilled mime from birth, it gains the abilityto create invisi­ ble objects as it matures."
597,ferroseed,It absorbs the iron it finds in the rock while clinging to the ceiling. It shoots spikes when in danger.
232,donphan,It attacks by curling up then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit.
443,gible,"this Pokémon prefers to stay in narrow holes in the sides of caves heated by geothermal energy. This way, this Pokémon can stay warm even during a blizzard."
324,torkoal,It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
631,heatmor,"It draws in air through its tail, transforms it into fire, and uses it like a tongue. It melts Durant and eats them."
127,pinsir,"If it fails to crush the foe in its pincers, it will swing around and toss the opponent."
175,togepi,Its shell is said to be stuffed with happiness that it shares with kindhearted people.
479,rotom,"Research continues on this Pokémon, which could be the power source of a unique motor."
135,jolteon,"They send out electrical charges of about 10,000 volts. Because they are high-strung, it can be difficult to grow close to them."
118,goldeen,"When it is time for them to lay eggs, they can be seen swimming up rivers and falls in large groups."
49,venomoth,"The scales it scatters will paralyze anyonewho touches them, making that person unable to stand."
157,typhlosion,"If its rage peaks, it becomes so hot that anything thattouches it will instantly go up in flames."
408,cranidos,It lived in jungles around a hundred million years ago. It used its skillful headbutts to combat Aerodactyl.
9,blastoise,The jets of water it spouts from the rocket cannons on its shell can punch through thick steel.
535,tympole,They warn others of danger by vibrating their cheeks to create a high-pitched sound.
170,chinchou,"On the dark ocean floor, its only means of communi­cation is its constantly flash­ ing lights."
351,castform,"Its appearance changes with the weather. Recently, its molecules were found to be just like water."
797,celesteela,"Although it’s alien to this world and a danger here, it’s apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives."
321,wailord,"The biggest of all Pokémon. It can dive to a depth of almost 10,000 feet on only one breath."
87,dewgong,this Pokémon loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this Pokémon sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago.
323,camerupt,"It has volcanoes on its back. If magma builds up in its body, it shudders, then erupts violently."
110,weezing,"It can’t suck in air quite as well as a Galarian this Pokémon, but the toxins it creates are more potent than those of its counterpart."
724,decidueye,"It nocks its arrow quills and shoots them at opponents. When it simply can’t afford to miss, it tugs the vine on its head to improve its focus."
484,palkia,It has the ability to distort space. It is described as a deity in Sinnoh-region mythology.
63,abra,It can read others’ minds and will teleport away when danger approaches. You must clear your mind if you want to catch it.
195,quagsire,It has an easygoing nature. It doesn’t care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming.
425,drifloon,"Because of the way it floats aimlessly, an old folktale calls it a “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.”"
838,carkol,It forms coal inside its body. Coal dropped by this Pokémon once helped fuel the lives of people in the Galar region.
373,salamence,It’s uncontrollable if enraged. It flies around spouting flames and scorching fields and mountains.
85,dodrio,"When Doduo evolves into this odd breed, one of its heads splits into two. It runs at nearly 40 mph."
368,gorebyss,"Its swimming form is exquisitely elegant. With its thin mouth, it feeds on seaweed that grows between rocks."
62,poliwrath,"With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting."
81,magnemite,"It’s frequently the cause of power outages, which is why some power plants send out electrical signals that it can’t stand."
259,marshtomp,Living on muddy ground that provides poor footing has made its legs sturdy.
2,ivysaur,"There is a bud on this Pokémon’s back. To support its weight, this Pokémon’s legs and trunk grow thick and strong. If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight, it’s a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon."
131,lapras,A gentle soul that can read the minds of people. It canferry people across the sea on its back.
241,miltank,this Pokémon gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike.People who can’t drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.
179,mareep,"Rubbing its fleece generates electricity. You’ll want to pet it because it’s cute, but if you use your bare hand, you’ll get a painful shock."
375,metang,It is formed by two BELDUM joining together. Its steel body won’t be scratched if it collides with a jet.
121,starmie,this Pokémon swims through water by spinning its star-shaped body as if it were a propeller on a ship.The core at the center of this POKéMON’s body glows in seven colors.
153,bayleef,The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up.
244,entei,A Pokémon that races across the land. It is said that one is born every time a new volcano appears.
361,snorunt,It is said that several this Pokémon gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony.
342,crawdaunt,A rough customer that wildly flails its giant claws. It is said to be extremely hard to raise.
524,roggenrola,"Born deep within the ground, it compares itself with similar species, such as Geodude and Carbink, to settle which has the hardest body."
230,kingdra,"With the arrival of a storm at sea, this Pokémon will show itself on the surface. When a this Pokémon and a Dragonite meet, a fierce battle ensues."
72,tentacool,"Its body is almost entirely composed of water. It ensnares its foe with its two long tentacles, then stabs with the poison stingers at their tips."
63,abra,Using its psychic power is such a strain on its brain that it needs to sleep for 18 hours a day.
127,pinsir,"It swings its long pincer horns wildly to attack. During cold periods, it hides deep in forests."
718,zygarde,"This is this Pokémon’s form when it has gathered 50% of its cells. It wipes out all those who oppose it, showing not a shred of mercy."
171,lanturn,this Pokémon’s light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed “The Deep-Sea Star.”
95,onix,"It rapidly bores through the ground at 50 mph bysquirming and twisting its mas­ sive, rugged body."
712,bergmite,This Pokémon lives in areas of frigid cold. It secures itself to the back of an Avalugg by freezing its feet in place.
18,pidgeot,"When hunting, it skims the surface of water at high speed to pick off unwary prey such as Magikarp."
445,garchomp,"When it folds up its body and extends its wings, it looks like a jet plane. It flies at sonic speed."
658,greninja,"It creates throwing stars out of compressed water. When it spins them and throws them at high speed, these stars can split metal in two."
374,beldum,"this Pokémon keeps itself floating by generating a magnetic force that repels earth’s natural magnetism.When it sleeps, this POKéMON anchors itself to a cliff using the hooks on its rear."
180,flaaffy,"If its coat becomes fully charged with electricity, its tail lights up. It fires hair that zaps on impact."
175,togepi,"As its energy, this Pokémon uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and POKéMON.This POKéMON stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others."
15,beedrill,It has three poisonous stingers on its forelegs and its tail. They are used to jab its enemy repeatedly.
143,snorlax,this Pokémon’s typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile Pokémon that there are children who use its expansive belly as a place to play.
381,latios,"A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes."
7,squirtle,Shoots water at prey while in the water.Withdraws into its shell when in danger.
9,blastoise,The rocket cannons on its shell fire jets of watercapable of punch­ ing holes through thick steel.
319,sharpedo,It can swim at speeds of 75 mph by jetting seawater through its body. It is the bandit of the sea.
364,sealeo,It touches new things with its nose to test for smell and feel. It plays by spinning SPHEAL on its nose.
93,haunter,"Because of its ability to slip through blockwalls, it is said to be from an­ other dimension."
177,natu,"The look in its eyes gives the impression that it’s carefully observing you. If you approach it, this Pokémon will hop away."
589,escavalier,"They fly around at high speed, striking with their pointed spears. Even when in trouble, they face opponents bravely."
221,piloswine,"Because the long hair all over its body obscures its sight, it just keeps charging repeatedly."
289,slaking,Hordes of this Pokémon gather around trees when fruits come into season. They wait around patiently for ripened fruits to fall out of the trees.
657,frogadier,"Its swiftness is unparalleled. It can scale a tower of more than 2,000 feet in a minute’s time."
351,castform,"This Pokémon can change its cells, taking different forms based on the temperature and humidity."
99,kingler,"The large pincer has 10000 hp of crushing power.However, its huge size makes it unwieldy to use."
214,heracross,"No matter how heavy its opponents, it flings them far away with its prized horn."
202,wobbuffet,It desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret.
383,groudon,this Pokémon has long been described in mythology as the POKéMON that raised lands and expanded continents.This POKéMON took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with KYOGRE.
197,umbreon,this Pokémon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon’s waves. It hides silently in darkness and waitsfor its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.
550,basculin,Red- and blue-striped this Pokémon are very violent and always fighting. They are also remarkably tasty.
123,scyther,"It slashes through grass with its sharp scythes, moving too fast for the human eye to track."
145,zapdos,A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appearfrom clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts.
315,roselia,"The more healthy the this Pokémon, the more pleasant its flowers’ aroma. Its scent deeply relaxes people."
39,jigglypuff,"It hugely inflates its stomach and sings a mysterious melody. If you hear this melody, you’ll become sleepy right away."
359,absol,"Rumored to sense disasters with its horn, it became a target. It fled deep into the mountains."
79,slowpoke,"Although slow, it is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten."
75,graveler,"A slow walker, it rolls to move. It pays no attentionto any object that happens to be in its path."
574,gothita,It stares intently at everything. It can become so obsessed with watching that it doesn’t notice attacks.
610,axew,"Its large tusks have a tendency to break, but each time they grow back, they grow in harder and sturdier."
58,growlithe,"While it’s quite friendly toward humans once it’s grown used to them, in the wild it must be quite fierce to defend its territory from Rockruff."
281,kirlia,"If its Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about."
106,hitmonlee,"When kicking, the sole of its foot turns as hard as a diamond on impact and destroys its enemy."
332,cacturne,"It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day’s desert heat."
695,heliolisk,"It stimulates its muscles with electricity, boosting the strength in its legs and enabling it to run 100 yards in five seconds."
288,vigoroth,Its heartbeat is fast and its blood so agitated that it can’t sit still for one second.
412,burmy,"Even if it is born where there are no cocooning materials, it somehow always ends up with a cloak."
738,vikavolt,"It builds up electricity in its abdomen, focuses it through its jaws, and then fires the electricity off in concentrated beams."
224,octillery,"this Pokémon grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This Pokémon tries to immobilize it before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, this Pokémon spews ink to escape."
172,pichu,It is unskilled at storing electric power. Any kind ofshock causes it to discharge energy spontaneously.
263,zigzagoon,this Pokémon restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This Pokémon does so because it is very curious. It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see.
80,slowbro,"this Pokémon’s tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can’t be used for fishing anymore. This causes this Pokémon to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead."
242,blissey,The eggs it lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone.
56,mankey,"It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason."
540,sewaddle,This Pokémon makes clothes for itself. It chews up leaves and sews them with sticky thread extruded from its mouth.
78,rapidash,"this Pokémon usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains. However, when this POKéMON turnsserious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph."
575,gothorita,"According to many old tales, it creates friends for itself by controlling sleeping children on starry nights."
142,aerodactyl,this Pokémon is a Pokémon from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times.
296,makuhita,It practices its slaps by repeatedly slapping tree trunks. It has been known to slap an Exeggutor and get flung away.
92,gastly,"Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by its gaseous body, which contains poison."
281,kirlia,A this Pokémon has the psychic power to create a rip in the dimensions and see into the future. It is said to dance with pleasure on sunny mornings.
256,combusken,Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
747,mareanie,"They eat Corsola branches, so this Pokémon are hated by craftsmen who work with Corsola branches that have naturally fallen off."
459,snover,"Seemingly curious about people, they gather around footsteps they find on snowy mountains."
568,trubbish,The combination of garbage bags and industrial waste caused the chemical reaction that created this Pokémon.
336,seviper,"For many generations, it has feuded with ZANGOOSE. It whets its bladed tail on rocks for battle."
773,silvally,A solid bond of trust between this Pokémon and its Trainer awakened the strength hidden within this Pokémon. It can change its type at will.
465,tangrowth,"Its vines grow so profusely that, in the warm season, you can’t even see its eyes."
59,arcanine,"Overflowing with beauty and majesty, this strong Pokémon appears in ancient Eastern folklore."
369,relicanth,The reason it hasn’t changed at all in a hundred million years is that it’s apparently already a perfect life-form.
628,braviary,They fight for their friends without any thought about danger to themselves. One can carry a car while flying.
203,girafarig,"While it sleeps, the head on its tail keeps watch. The tail doesn’t need to sleep."
256,combusken,"this Pokémon toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains.This POKéMON’s legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out ten kicks in one second."
382,kyogre,It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
488,cresselia,"On nights around the quarter moon, the aurora from its tail extends and undulates beautifully."
309,electrike,"Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed."
390,chimchar,"It is very agile. Before going to sleep, it extinguishes the flame on its tail to prevent fires."
423,gastrodon,"Their shape and color change, depending on their environment and diet. There are many of them at beaches where the waves are calm."
176,togetic,"They say that it will appear before kindhearted, car­ing people and shower them with happiness."
89,muk,"Their food sources have decreased, and their numbers have declined sharply. Sludge ponds are being built to prevent their extinction."
411,bastiodon,"When attacked, they form a wall. Their rock-hard faces serve to protect them from the attacks."
519,pidove,"Each follows its Trainer’s orders as best it can, but they sometimes fail to understand complicated commands."
372,shelgon,"this Pokémon ignores its hunger entirely, never eating any food. Apparently, this Pokémon will evolve once all its energy stores are used up."
216,teddiursa,It lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique.
377,regirock,The same rocks that form its body have been found in ground layers around the world.
716,xerneas,Legends say it can share eternal life. It slept for a thousand years in the form of a tree before its revival.
508,stoutland,Being wrapped in its long fur is so comfortable that a person would be fine even overnight on a wintry mountain.
86,seel,"this Pokémon hunts for prey in the frigid sea underneath sheets of ice. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head."
364,sealeo,"It habitually spins things on its nose. By doing so, it learns textures and odors."
464,rhyperior,It can launch a rock held in its hand like a missile by tightening then expanding muscles instantly.
280,ralts,It is highly attuned to the emotions of people and Pokémon. It hides if it senses hostility.
33,nidorino,"It has a violent disposition and stabs foes with its horn, which oozes poison upon impact."
246,larvitar,"Born deep underground, it comes aboveground and becomes a pupa once it has finished eating the surrounding soil."
360,wynaut,It tends to move in a pack. Individuals squash against one another to toughen their spirits.
605,elgyem,Rumors of its origin are linked to a UFO crash site in the desert 50 years ago.
233,porygon2,"It was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets. However, it failed to measure up."
873,frosmoth,"It shows no mercy to any who desecrate fields and mountains. It will fly around on its icy wings, causing a blizzard to chase offenders away."
232,donphan,"If this Pokémon were to tackle with its hard body, even a house could be destroyed. Using its massive strength, the Pokémon helps clear rock and mud slides that block mountain trails."
766,passimian,"this Pokémon live in groups of about 20, with each member performing an assigned role. Through cooperation, the group survives."
166,ledian,"It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live this Pokémon in countless numbers. There is a good reason for this—the Pokémon uses the light of the stars as its energy."
90,shellder,Its hard shell repels any kind of attack.It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
596,galvantula,"When attacked, they create an electric barrier by spitting out many electrically charged threads."
374,beldum,"It converses with others by using magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison."
107,hitmonchan,The spirit of a pro boxer has infused this POKéMON. It throws punches that are faster than a bullet train.
123,scyther,"this Pokémon is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms.This POKéMON’s scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke."
175,togepi,The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is saidthat it will share good luck when treated kindly.
322,numel,"Magma of almost 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. When it grows cold, the magma hardens and slows it."
278,wingull,"It makes its nest on a sheer cliff at the edge of the sea. It has trouble keeping its wings flapping in flight. Instead, it soars on updrafts."
236,tyrogue,"It is always bursting with energy. To make itself stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses."
312,minun,"It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks."
284,masquerain,Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
150,mewtwo,A Pokémon created by recombining MEW’s genes. It’s said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon.
70,weepinbell,"Even though it is filled with ACID, it does not meltbecause it also oozes a neutral­ izing fluid."
157,typhlosion,It attacks using blasts of fire. It creates heat shimmers with intense fire to hide itself.
325,spoink,It bounces around on its tail to keep its heart pumping. It carries a pearl from CLAMPERL on its head.
95,onix,"this Pokémon has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this POKéMON does not lose direction while it is tunneling.As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother."
692,clauncher,"Its claws occasionally fall off, and it keeps a low profile until they grow back. The meat of its claws is so delicious!"
574,gothita,"Though they’re still only babies, there’s psychic power stored in their ribbonlike feelers, and sometimes they use that power to fight."
754,lurantis,"It requires a lot of effort to maintain this Pokémon’s vivid coloring, but some collectors enjoy this work and treat it as their hobby."
622,golett,"Its movements are powered by a mysterious energy. It has continued to move since ancient times, so its power may soon run out."
86,seel,"Covered with light blue fur, its hide is thick and tough. It is active in bitter cold of -40 degrees Fahrenheit."
528,swoobat,It shakes its tail vigorously when it emits ultrasonic waves strong enough to reduce concrete to rubble.
272,ludicolo,"If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can’t help breaking out into a dance."
284,masquerain,Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
31,nidoqueen,Tough scales cover the sturdy body of this Pokémon. It appears that the scales grow in cycles.
325,spoink,"It bounces constantly, using its tail like a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating."
421,cherrim,"It is docile as a bud, but turns cheerful when it blooms. It folds back into a bud if sunlight wanes."
140,kabuto,"This POKéMON lived in ancient times. On rare occasions,it has been discovered as a living fossil."
293,whismur,"Usually, its cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane."
590,foongus,"For some reason, this Pokémon resembles a Poké Ball. They release poison spores to repel those who try to catch them."
36,clefable,It is very wary and rarely shows itself to people. Its ears can hear a pin drop over half a mile away.
537,seismitoad,They shoot paralyzing liquid from their head bumps. They use vibration to hurt their opponents.
166,ledian,"It uses starlight as energy. When more stars appear at night, the patterns on its back grow larger."
361,snorunt,"this Pokémon live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this Pokémon steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns."
875,eiscue,"This Pokémon keeps its heat-sensitive head cool with ice. It fishes for its food, dangling its single hair into the sea to lure in prey."
611,fraxure,"A broken tusk will not grow back, so it diligently sharpens its tusks on river rocks after the end of a battle."
66,machop,"It loves to work out and build its muscles. It is never satisfied, even if it trains hard all day long."
419,floatzel,It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people.
13,weedle,Its poison stinger is very powerful. Its bright-coloredbody is intended to warn off its enemies.
487,giratina,It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World.
35,clefairy,"On every night of a full moon, groups of this POKéMON come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired this Pokémonreturn to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other."
192,sunflora,"Since it converts sunlight into energy, it is always looking in the direction of the sun."
474,porygon-z,"Some say an additional program made this Pokémon evolve, but even academics can’t agree on whether this Pokémon is really an evolution."
243,raikou,It is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back.
164,noctowl,Its eyes are specially developed to enable it to see clearly even in murky darkness and minimal light.
662,fletchinder,"The hotter the flame sac on its belly, the faster it can fly, but it takes some time to get the fire going."
123,scyther,"As this Pokémon fights more and more battles, its scythes become sharper and sharper. With a single slice, this Pokémon can fell a massive tree."
589,escavalier,"Wearing the shell covering they stole from Shelmet, they defend themselves and attack with two lances."
255,torchic,It has a flame sac inside its belly that perpetually burns. It feels warm if it is hugged.
158,totodile,"Despite its small body, this Pokémon’s jaws are very powerful. While it may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough strength to cause serious injury."
232,donphan,"It has sharp, hard tusks and a rugged hide. Its TACKLEis strong enough to knock down a house."
268,cascoon,"It never forgets any attack it endured while in the cocoon. After evolution, it seeks payback."
427,buneary,Its ears are always rolled up. They can be forcefully extended to shatter even a large boulder.
106,hitmonlee,"this Pokémon’s legs freely contract and stretch. Using these springlike legs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its legs and loosens the muscles to overcome fatigue."
347,anorith,this Pokémon was regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive POKéMON once lived in warm seas.It grips its prey firmly between its two large claws.
603,eelektrik,"These Pokémon have a big appetite. When they spot their prey, they attack it and paralyze it with electricity."
165,ledyba,"When the weather turns cold, numerous this Pokémon gather from everywhere to cluster and keep each other warm."
387,turtwig,"It undertakes photosynthesis with its body, making oxygen. The leaf on its head wilts if it is thirsty."
213,shuckle,"It stores BERRIES inside its shell. To avoid attacks, it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still."
714,noibat,"Even a robust wrestler will become dizzy and unable to stand when exposed to its 200,000-hertz ultrasonic waves."
404,luxio,"Upon encountering an opponent, this Pokémon prepares for battle by extending its claws, which can put out 1,000,000 volts of electricity."
178,xatu,this Pokémon stands rooted and still in one spot all day long. People believe that this POKéMON does so out of fear ofthe terrible things it has foreseen in the future.
99,kingler,"The larger pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, it is so heavy, it is difficult to aim."
509,purrloin,Their cute act is a ruse. They trick people and steal their valuables just to see the looks on their faces.
392,infernape,It uses unique fighting moves with fire on its hands and feet. It will take on any opponent.
151,mew,So rare that it is still said to be a mirage by many experts. Only a few people have seen it worldwide.
46,paras,"No matter how much it eats, the mushrooms growing on its back steal away most of the nutrients it consumes."
690,skrelp,"this Pokémon looks like a piece of rotten seaweed, so it can blend in with seaweed drifting on the ocean and avoid being detected by enemies."
48,venonat,Poison oozes from all over its body. It catches and eats small bugs at night that are attracted by light.
790,cosmoem,There’s something accumulating around the black core within its hard shell. People think this Pokémon may come from another world.
571,zoroark,Each has the ability to fool a large group of people simultaneously. They protect their lair with illusory scenery.
432,purugly,It is a brazen brute that barges its way into another Pokémon’s nest and claims it as its own.
467,magmortar,"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit out of its arms. Its breath also sears and sizzles."
425,drifloon,"Wandering souls gathered together to form this Pokémon. When trying to make friends with children, this Pokémon grabs them by the hand."
582,vanillite,"Unable to survive in hot areas, it makes itself comfortable by breathing out air cold enough to cause snow. It burrows into the snow to sleep."
330,flygon,"Known as “The Desert Spirit,” this Pokémon hides in the sandstorms it causes by beating its wings."
221,piloswine,"If it charges at an enemy, the hairs on its backstand up straight. It is very sensi­ tive to sound."
229,houndoom,"In a this Pokémon pack, the one with its horns raked sharply toward the back serves a leadership role. These Pokémon choose their leader by fighting among themselves."
54,psyduck,It has been found that its brain cells are 10 times more active when this Pokémon is experiencing a headache.
49,venomoth,The dustlike scales covering its wings are color-coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has.
335,zangoose,Memories of battling its archrival Seviper are etched into every cell of this Pokémon’s body. This Pokémon adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility.
589,escavalier,"Wearing the shell covering they stole from Shelmet, they defend themselves and attack with two lances."
76,golem,"this Pokémon live up on mountains. If there is a large earthquake, these Pokémon will come rolling down off the mountains en masse to the foothills below."
437,bronzong,Ancient people believed that petitioning this Pokémon for rain was the way to make crops grow.
416,vespiquen,It houses its colony in cells in its body and releases various pheromones to make those grubs do its bidding.
219,magcargo,this Pokémon’s shell is actually its skin that hardened as a result of cooling. Its shell is very brittle and fragile—just touching it causes it to crumble apart. This Pokémon returns to its original size by dipping itself in magma.
75,graveler,"They descend from mountains by tumbling down steep slopes. They are so brutal, they smash aside obstructing trees and massive boulders with thunderous tackles."
197,umbreon,"It lurks in the dark of night looking for prey. At the moment it pounces, the rings on its body glow dimly but ominously."
89,muk,"It prefers warm and humid habitats. In the summertime, the toxic substances in its body intensify, making this Pokémon reek like putrid kitchen garbage."
369,relicanth,It has remained unchanged for 100 million years. It was discovered during a deep-sea exploration.
214,heracross,"With its Herculean powers, it can easily throw around an object that is 100 times its own weight."
189,jumpluff,"Even in the fiercest wind, it can control its fluff to make its way to any place in the world it wants."
170,chinchou,"this Pokémon’s two antennas are filled with cells that generate strong electricity. This POKéMON’s cells create so muchelectrical power, it even makes itself tingle slightly."
541,swadloon,Forests where this Pokémon live have superb foliage because the nutrients they make from fallen leaves nourish the plant life.
122,mr-mime,"Mr. Mime is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeable actually exists. Once the watchers are convinced, the unseeable thing exists as if it were real."
107,hitmonchan,Punches in cork­ screw fashion. It can punch its waythrough a concrete wall in the same way as a drill.
143,snorlax,"This POKéMON's stomach is so strong, eveneating moldy or rotten food will not affect it."
621,druddigon,"The red skin on its face is harder than rock. In narrow caves, it squares off against its enemies and charges face-first right into them."
707,klefki,"Long ago it lived in mines, but once the minerals that make up its diet became scarcer, this Pokémon began appearing in human settlements."
17,pidgeotto,"It flies over its wide territory in search of prey, downing it with its highly developed claws."
60,poliwag,Its newly grown legs prevent it from walking well. It appears to prefer swimming over walking.
429,mismagius,Its cry sounds like an incantation. It is said the cry may rarely be imbued with happiness-giving power.
339,barboach,"Its two whiskers provide a sensitive radar. Even in muddy waters, it can detect its prey’s location."
199,slowking,"It has incredible intellect and intuition. Whatever the situation, it remains calm and collected."
401,kricketot,"When its antennae hit each other, it sounds like the music of a xylophone."
230,kingdra,It lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves.
636,larvesta,The people of ancient times believed that this Pokémon fell from the sun.
356,dusclops,It seeks drifting will-o’-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.
14,kakuna,"From this form, it will grow into an adult. As itsbody becomes soft­ er, the external shell hardens."
105,marowak,The bone it holds is its key weapon. It throws the bone skillfully like a boomerang to KO targets.
164,noctowl,"With eyes that can see in pitch-darkness, it never lets its prey escape. Some even call it “the emperor of dark nights.”"
46,paras,Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host this Pokémon.
683,aromatisse,"It devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant, and emits scents that its enemies dislike in order to gain an edge in battle."
760,bewear,This immensely dangerous Pokémon possesses overwhelming physical strength. Its habitat is generally off-limits.
92,gastly,"When exposed to a strong wind, a this Pokémon’s gaseous body quickly dwindles away. They cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind."
355,duskull,"Making itself invisible, it silently sneaks up to prey. It has the ability to slip through thick walls."
328,trapinch,It makes an inescapable conical pit and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
260,swampert,"Its arms are hard as rock. With one swing, it can break a boulder into pieces."
191,sunkern,"this Pokémon tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients ithas stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew."
386,deoxys,"When it changes form, an aurora appears. It absorbs attacks by altering its cellular structure."
626,bouffalant,"They are known to charge so wildly that if a train were to enter their territory, they would send it flying."
360,wynaut,It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
62,poliwrath,This strong and skilled swimmer is even capable ofcrossing the Pacific Ocean just by kicking.
227,skarmory,The pointed feathers of these Pokémon are sharper than swords. this Pokémon and Corviknight fight viciously over territory.
355,duskull,"If it finds bad children who won’t listen to their parents, it will spirit them away--or so it’s said."
339,barboach,"Its entire body is gooey. When pecked at by bird Pokémon, it slips and slides its way to freedom."
426,drifblim,"Some say this Pokémon is a collection of souls burdened with regrets, silently drifting through the dusk."
64,kadabra,this Pokémon emits a peculiar alpha wave if it develops a headache. Only those people with a particularly strong psyche can hope to become a Trainer of this Pokémon.
434,stunky,"It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away."
158,totodile,It has the habit of biting anything with its developed jaws. Even its Trainer needs to be careful.
509,purrloin,Their cute act is a ruse. They trick people and steal their valuables just to see the looks on their faces.
359,absol,"Every time this Pokémon appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster Pokémon."
263,zigzagoon,"Rubbing its nose against the ground, it always wanders about back and forth in search of something. It is distinguished by the zigzag footprints it leaves."
224,octillery,"It instinctively sneaks into rocky holes. If it getssleepy, it steals the nest of a fel­ low this Pokémon."
437,bronzong,"In ages past, this Pokémon was revered as a bringer of rain. It was found buried in the ground."
41,zubat,"It has no eyes. Instead, it relies on its ultrasonic cries for echolocation to flit about in darkness."
180,flaaffy,Its fluffy fleece easily stores electricity. Its rubbery hide keeps it from being electrocuted.
374,beldum,"It converses with others by using magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison."
700,sylveon,There’s a Galarian fairy tale that describes a beautiful this Pokémon vanquishing a dreadful dragon Pokémon.
306,aggron,"It claims an entire mountain as its own. The more wounds it has, the more it has battled, so don’t take it lightly."
260,swampert,"Its arms are rock-hard. With one swing, they can batter down its foe. It makes its nest on beautiful beaches."
459,snover,"During cold seasons, it migrates to the mountain’s lower reaches. It returns to the snow-covered summit in the spring."
117,seadra,The poisonous barbs all over its body are highly valued as ingredients for making traditional herbal medicine. It shows no mercy to anything approaching its nest.
539,sawk,Tying their belts gets them pumped and makes their punches more destructive. Disturbing their training angers them.
368,gorebyss,"Although this Pokémon is the very picture of elegance and beauty while swimming, it is also cruel. When it spots prey, this Pokémon inserts its thin mouth into the prey’s body and drains the prey of its body fluids."
275,shiftry,this Pokémon’s large fans generate awesome gusts of wind at a speed close to 100 feet per second. The whipped-up windblows anything away. This POKéMON chooses to live quietly deep in forests.
249,lugia,"this Pokémon’s wings pack devastating power - a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses.As a result, this POKéMON chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea."
357,tropius,Delicious fruits grew out from around its neck because it always ate the same kind of fruit.
305,lairon,"this Pokémon fight over territory, and when their steel bodies collide, sparks fly."
311,plusle,It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
306,aggron,this Pokémon claims an entire mountain as its own territory. It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment. This Pokémon vigilantly patrols its territory at all times.
232,donphan,"It attacks by curling up, then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit."
309,electrike,It stores static electricity in its fur for discharging. It gives off sparks if a storm approaches.
389,torterra,"Ancient people imagined that beneath the ground, a gigantic this Pokémon dwelled."
441,chatot,"It can learn and speak human words. If they gather, they all learn the same saying."
156,quilava,this Pokémon keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and gusts of superheated air.This POKéMON applies its outstanding nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foe with flames.
134,vaporeon,Lives close to water. Its long tail is ridged with a fin which is often mistaken for a mermaid’s.
243,raikou,this Pokémon embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this POKéMON send shock waves shuddering through the air andshake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down.
796,xurkitree,"Although it’s alien to this world and a danger here, it’s apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives."
293,whismur,"Usually, its cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane."
275,shiftry,A POKéMON that was feared as a forest guardian. It can read the foe’s mind and take preemptive action.
36,clefable,"this Pokémon moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. It is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights."
341,corphish,"No matter how dirty the water in the river, it will adapt and thrive. It has a strong will to survive."
75,graveler,"It rolls on mountain paths to move. Once it builds momentum, no Pokémon can stop it without difficulty."
127,pinsir,"It grips prey with its pincers until the prey is torn in half. What it can’t tear, it tosses far."
409,rampardos,"If two were to smash their heads together, their foot-thick skulls would keep them from fainting."
466,electivire,"Heedless of enemy attacks, it closes in, shoves its tails onto the foe, then looses high voltage."
649,genesect,This ancient bug Pokémon was altered by Team Plasma. They upgraded the cannon on its back.
632,durant,"They lay their eggs deep inside their nests. When attacked by Heatmor, they retaliate using their massive mandibles."
297,hariyama,"this Pokémon’s thick body may appear fat, but it is actually a hunk of solid muscle. If this POKéMON bears down andtightens all its muscles, its body becomes as hard as a rock."
60,poliwag,"Its skin is so thin, its internal organs are visible. It has trouble walking on its newly grown feet."
128,tauros,They fight each other by locking horns. The herd'sprotector takes pride in its bat­ tle-scarred horns.
442,spiritomb,It was formed by uniting 108 spirits. It has been bound to the Odd Keystone to keep it from doing any mischief.
400,bibarel,It busily makes its nest with stacks of branches and roots it has cut up with its sharp incisors.
145,zapdos,Legendary bird POKéMON. They say lightning causedby the flapping of its wings causes summer storms.
564,tirtouga,"About 100 million years ago, these Pokémon swam in oceans. It is thought they also went on land to attack prey."
4,charmander,"It has a preference for hot things. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail."
708,phantump,"By imitating the voice of a child, it causes people to get hopelessly lost deep in the forest. It’s trying to make friends with them."
438,bonsly,It looks as if it is always crying. It is actually adjusting its body’s fluid levels by eliminating excess.
505,watchog,"Using luminescent matter, it makes its eyes and body glow and stuns attacking opponents."
294,loudred,The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
594,alomomola,The special membrane enveloping this Pokémon has the ability to heal wounds.
203,girafarig,"this Pokémon’s rear head contains a tiny brain that is too small for thinking. However, the rear head doesn’t need tosleep, so it can keep watch over its surroundings 24 hours a day."
98,krabby,"Its pincers are superb weapons. They sometimes break off during battle, but they grow back fast."
197,umbreon,"When agitated, this POKéMON protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores."
520,tranquill,It can return to its Trainer’s location regardless of the distance separating them.
637,volcarona,"When volcanic ash darkened the atmosphere, it is said that this Pokémon’s fire provided a replacement for the sun."
228,houndour,"Around dawn, its ominous howl echoes through thearea to announce that this is its territory."
691,dragalge,"Their poison is strong enough to eat through the hull of a tanker, and they spit it indiscriminately at anything that enters their territory."
442,spiritomb,A Pokémon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is bound to a fissure in an odd keystone.
52,meowth,"this Pokémon withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps. For some reason, this Pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light."
703,carbink,"It’s said that somewhere in the world, there’s a mineral vein housing a large pack of slumbering this Pokémon. It’s also said that this pack has a queen."
655,delphox,"Using psychic power, it generates a fiery vortex of 5,400 degrees Fahrenheit, incinerating foes swept into this whirl of flame."
630,mandibuzz,"Watching from the sky, they swoop to strike weakened Pokémon on the ground. They decorate themselves with bones."
547,whimsicott,"As long as this Pokémon bathes in sunlight, its cotton keeps growing. If too much cotton fluff builds up, this Pokémon tears it off and scatters it."
76,golem,"Once it sheds its skin, its body turns tender and whitish. Its hide hardens when it’s exposed to air."
150,mewtwo,"Said to rest qui­ etly in an undiscovered cave,this POKéMON was created solely for battling."
142,aerodactyl,It was regenerated from a dinosaur’s genetic matter that was found in amber. It flies with high-pitched cries.
558,crustle,"Competing for territory, this Pokémon fight viciously. The one whose boulder is broken is the loser of the battle."
546,cottonee,"Perhaps because they feel more at ease in a group, they stick to others they find. They end up looking like a cloud."
32,nidoran-m,"Stiffens its ears to sense danger. The larger itshorns, the more powerful its secreted venom."
51,dugtrio,A team of Diglett triplets. It triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.
492,shaymin,It lives in flower patches and avoids detection by curling up to look like a flowering plant.
63,abra,"Using its ability to read minds, it will sense impending danger and TELEPORT to safety."
572,minccino,this Pokémon greet each other by grooming one another thoroughly with their tails.
358,chimecho,"It travels by riding on winds. It cleverly uses its long tail to pluck nuts and berries, which it loves to eat."
12,butterfree,"It has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can seek, extract, and carry honey from flowers blooming over six miles away."
42,golbat,"It can drink more than 10 ounces of blood at once. If it has too much, it gets heavy and flies clumsily."
350,milotic,Its lovely scales are described as rainbow colored. They change color depending on the viewing angle.
99,kingler,"The larger pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, it is so heavy, it is difficult to aim."
329,vibrava,The ultrasonic waves it generates by rubbing its two wings together cause severe headaches.
159,croconaw,"Once it bites down, it won’t let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place."
618,stunfisk,"When its opponent can’t be paralyzed, it contorts itself with unexpected speed and flops away."
631,heatmor,It breathes through a hole in its tail while it burns with an internal fire. Durant is its prey.
568,trubbish,"Wanting more garbage, they follow people who litter. They always belch poison gas."
647,keldeo,"When it is resolute, its body fills with power and it becomes swifter. Its jumps are then too fast to follow."
767,wimpod,"This Pokémon is a coward. As it desperately dashes off, the flailing of its many legs leaves a sparkling clean path in its wake."
39,jigglypuff,"this Pokémon possess a vocal range that exceeds 12 octaves, but each individual’s singing skill depends on its own effort."
26,raichu,"Its tail discharges electricity into the ground, protecting it from getting shocked."
98,krabby,It can be found near the sea. The large pincers grow back if they are torn out of their sockets.
305,lairon,"For food, it digs up iron ore. It smashes its steely body against others to fight over territory."
104,cubone,"It wears the skull of its dead mother on its head. When it becomes lonesome, it is said to cry loudly."
248,tyranitar,"If it rampages, it knocks down mountains and buries rivers. Maps must be redrawn afterward."
273,seedot,It attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. Strong winds can sometimes make it fall.
154,meganium,"The fragrance of this Pokémon’s flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this Pokémon gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe’s fighting spirit."
144,articuno,A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear to doomed people who are lost in icy mountains.
669,flabebe,It draws out and controls the hidden power of flowers. The flower Flabébé holds is most likely part of its body.
94,gengar,"Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you. It is actually a this Pokémon running past you, pretending to be your shadow."
303,mawile,Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
289,slaking,"It is the world’s most slothful POKéMON. However, it can exert horrifying power by releasing pent-up energy all at once."
28,sandslash,"this Pokémon’s body is covered by tough spikes, which are hardened sections of its hide. Once a year, the old spikes fall out, to be replaced with new spikes that grow out from beneath the old ones."
224,octillery,"It instinctively sneaks into rocky holes. If it gets sleepy, it steals the nest of a fellow this Pokémon."
26,raichu,"If the electrical sacs become excessively charged, this Pokémon plants its tail in the ground and discharges. Scorched patches of ground will be found near this Pokémon’s nest."
312,minun,"this Pokémon loves to cheer on its partner in battle. It gives off sparks from its body while it is doing so.If its partner is in trouble, this POKéMON gives off increasing amounts of sparks."
76,golem,Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without taking damage.
7,squirtle,"After birth, its back swells and hardens into a shell. It powerfully sprays foam from its mouth."
392,infernape,It uses a special kind of martial arts involving all its limbs. Its fire never goes out.
451,skorupi,It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes.
41,zubat,this Pokémon remains quietly unmoving in a dark spot during the bright daylight hours. It does so because prolongedexposure to the sun causes its body to become slightly burned.
518,musharna,The mist emanating from their foreheads is packed with the dreams of people and Pokémon.
393,piplup,"A poor walker, it often falls down. However, its strong pride makes it puff up its chest without a care."
62,poliwrath,"this Pokémon’s highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this Pokémon can swim back and forth across the ocean without effort."
502,dewott,"As a result of strict training, each this Pokémon learns different forms for using the scalchops."
28,sandslash,"In an attempt to hide itself, it will run around at top speed to kick up a blinding dust storm."
493,arceus,"It is said to have emerged from an egg in a place where there was nothing, then shaped the world."
61,poliwhirl,"Though it is skilled at walk­ ing, it prefers tolive underwater where there is less danger."
108,lickitung,"When it extends its over-six-foot- long tongue, its tail quivers. There is a possibility they are connected."
8,wartortle,"When tapped, this POKéMON will pull in its head, butits tail will still stick out a little bit."
233,porygon2,"It was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets. However, it failed to measure up."
520,tranquill,"No matter where in the world it goes, it knows where its nest is, so it never gets separated from its Trainer."
137,porygon,"Using the most advanced technologies, scientists finally succeeded in making the first artificial POKéMON."
292,shedinja,"A strange Pokémon—it flies without moving its wings, has a hollow shell for a body, and does not breathe."
180,flaaffy,"Its fleece quality changes to generate strong static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare, slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity."
20,raticate,Gnaws on anything with its tough fangs. It can even topple concrete buildings by gnawing on them.
113,chansey,A kindly Pokémon that lays highly nutritious eggs and shares them with injured Pokémon or people.
701,hawlucha,"It drives its opponents to exhaustion with its agile maneuvers, then ends the fight with a flashy finishing move."
339,barboach,this Pokémon uses its whiskers to taste things just as a person uses his or her tongue to taste things.
41,zubat,"It does not need eyes, because it emits ultrasonic waves to check its surroundings while it flies."
282,gardevoir,It has the power to predict the future. Its power peaks when it is protecting its TRAINER.
641,tornadus,The lower half of its body is wrapped in a cloud of energy. It zooms through the sky at 200 mph.
86,seel,"In daytime, it is often found asleep on the seabed inshallow waters. Its nostrils close while it swims."
313,volbeat,It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves ILLUMISE’s sweet aroma.
78,rapidash,"this Pokémon usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains. However, when this Pokémon turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph."
435,skuntank,It attacks by spraying a horribly smelly fluid from the tip of its tail. Attacks from above confound it.
410,shieldon,"This Pokémon lived in primeval jungles. Few enemies would have been willing to square off against its heavily armored face, so it’s thought."
626,bouffalant,They charge wildly and headbutt everything. Their headbutts have enough destructive force to derail a train.
330,flygon,It whips up sandstorms with powerful flaps of its wings. It is known as “The Desert Spirit.”
285,shroomish,It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
304,aron,It eats iron to build its steel body. It is a pest that descends from mountains to eat bridges and train tracks.
292,shedinja,A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit.
3,venusaur,Its plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.
177,natu,"It usually forages for food on the ground but may, on rare occasions, hop onto branches to peck at shoots."
160,feraligatr,"When it bites with its massive and powerful jaws, it shakes its head and savagely tears its victim up."
181,ampharos,this Pokémon gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used the light ofthis POKéMON to send signals back and forth with others far away.
110,weezing,Inhaling toxic fumes from trash and mixing them inside its body lets it spread an even fouler stench.
283,surskit,It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
491,darkrai,"To protect itself, it afflicts those around it with nightmares. However, it means no harm."
173,cleffa,Many appear when the night skies are filled with shooting stars. They disappear with sunrise.
686,inkay,Opponents who stare at the flashing of the light-emitting spots on its body become dazed and lose their will to fight.
87,dewgong,"In snow, the pure white coat covering its body obscures it from predators."
552,krokorok,this Pokémon has specialized eyes that enable it to see in the dark. This ability lets this Pokémon hunt in the dead of night without getting lost.
418,buizel,"It inflates its flotation sac, keeping its face above water in order to watch for prey movement."
22,fearow,"A Pokémon that dates back many years. If it senses danger, it flies high and away, instantly."
58,growlithe,Very protective of its territory. It will bark andbite to repel intruders from its space.
224,octillery,Its instinct is to bury itself in holes. It oftensteals the nesting holes of others to sleep in them.
28,sandslash,"It curls up, then rolls into foes with its back. Its sharp spines inflict severe damage."
113,chansey,"this Pokémon lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis. The eggs are so delicious, they areeasily and eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite."
230,kingdra,"this Pokémon sleeps on the seafloor where it is otherwise devoid of life. When a storm arrives, the Pokémon is said to awaken and wander about in search of prey."
733,toucannon,"When it battles, its beak heats up. The temperature can easily exceed 212 degrees Fahrenheit, causing severe burns when it hits."
214,heracross,"It roams through forests searching for sweet nectar. Although it boasts fantastic physical strength, it’s not that good at flying."
405,luxray,"this Pokémon can see through solid objects. It will instantly spot prey trying to hide behind walls, even if the walls are thick."
354,banette,This Pokémon developed from an abandoned doll that amassed a grudge. It is seen in dark alleys.
589,escavalier,These Pokémon evolve by wearing the shell covering of a Shelmet. The steel armor protects their whole body.
111,rhyhorn,"Its massive bones are 1,000 times harder than human bones. Its TACKLE can knock a semitrailer flying."
49,venomoth,"The wings are covered with dustlike scales. Every time it flaps its wings, it looses highly toxic dust."
403,shinx,This Pokémon generates electricity by contracting its muscles. Excited trembling is a sign that this Pokémon is generating a tremendous amount of electricity.
638,cobalion,It has a body and heart of steel. It worked with its allies to punish people when they hurt Pokémon.
452,drapion,"It takes pride in its strength. Even though it can tear foes apart, it finishes them off with powerful poison."
293,whismur,"Usually, its cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane."
711,gourgeist,It enwraps its prey in its hairlike arms. It sings joyfully as it observes the suffering of its prey.
576,gothitelle,"It can see the future from the movement of the stars. When it learns its Trainer’s life span, it cries in sadness."
19,rattata,"Cautious in the extreme, its hardy vitality lets it live in any kind of environment."
221,piloswine,"Covered by a shaggy coat, it is strong against the cold. Its tusks of ice thicken when it snows."
18,pidgeot,"When hunting, it skims the surface of water at highspeed to pick off unwary prey such as MAGIKARP."
503,samurott,"In the time it takes a foe to blink, it can draw and sheathe the seamitars attached to its front legs."
150,mewtwo,"Its DNA is almost the same as MEW's. However, its sizeand disposition are vastly dif­ ferent."
403,shinx,The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. Its fur glows when it’s in trouble.
90,shellder,It swims facing backward by open­ ing and closingits two-piece shell. It is surprisingly fast.
519,pidove,These Pokémon live in cities. They are accustomed to people. Flocks often gather in parks and plazas.
10,caterpie,Its feet have suction cups designed to stick to any surface. It tenaciously climbs trees to forage.
252,treecko,Small hooks on the bottom of its feet catch on walls and ceilings. That is how it can hang from above.
69,bellsprout,"this Pokémon’s thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be.From its mouth, this POKéMON spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron."
242,blissey,"Whenever a this Pokémon finds a weakened Pokémon, it will share its egg and offer its care until the other Pokémon is all better."
36,clefable,They don’t like to reveal themselves in front of people. They live quietly in packs deep in the mountains.
349,feebas,"It eats anything, so it can even live in polluted streams and lakes. No one pays any attention to it."
505,watchog,They make the patterns on their bodies shine in order to threaten predators. Keen eyesight lets them see in the dark.
88,grimer,"As it moves, it loses bits of its body, from which new this Pokémon emerge. This worsens the stench around it."
52,meowth,"this Pokémon withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps. For some reason, this Pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light."
222,corsola,"The pink of this Pokémon that live in Alola is deep and vibrant, thanks to seas filled with nutrition."
424,ambipom,"They work in large colonies and make rings by linking their tails, apparently in friendship."
427,buneary,"When it senses danger, it perks up its ears. On cold nights, it sleeps with its head tucked into its fur."
270,lotad,Its leaf grew too large for it to live on land. That is how it began to live floating in the water.
204,pineco,"A this Pokémon hangs from a tree branch and waits for prey. While eating, if it is disturbed by someone shaking its tree, it falls on the ground and suddenly explodes."
438,bonsly,It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level.
569,garbodor,"This Pokémon eats trash, which turns into poison inside its body. The main component of the poison depends on what sort of trash was eaten."
337,lunatone,It was discovered at the site of a meteor strike 40 years ago. Its stare can lull its foes to sleep.
12,butterfree,"Its wings, covered with poisonous powder, repel water. This allows it to fly in the rain."
294,loudred,"this Pokémon shouts while stamping its feet. After it finishes shouting, this Pokémon becomes incapable of hearing anything for a while. This is considered to be a weak point."
194,wooper,"When walking on land, it covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating."
312,minun,"At a meeting of POKéMON academics, it was announced that simultaneous exposure to electricity from a PLUSLE and this Pokémon will promote circulation and boost vitality."
258,mudkip,"In water, this Pokémon breathes using the gills on its cheeks. If it is faced with a tight situation in battle, this Pokémon will unleash its amazing power—it can crush rocks bigger than itself."
304,aron,"It usually lives deep in mountains. However, hunger may drive it to eat railroad tracks and cars."
63,abra,"this Pokémon can teleport in its sleep. Apparently the more deeply this Pokémon sleeps, the farther its teleportations go."
101,electrode,"It is dangerous. If it has too much electricity andhas nothing to do, it amuses itself by exploding."
770,palossand,"This Pokémon lives on beaches, but it hates water. this Pokémon can’t maintain its castle-like shape if it gets drenched by a heavy rain."
134,vaporeon,"It prefers beauti­ ful shores. With cells similar towater molecules, it could melt in water."
269,dustox,It scatters its fine dust all over when it is attacked. It is a nocturnal Pokémon.
739,crabrawler,"It punches so much, its pincers often come off from overuse, but they grow back quickly. What little meat they contain is rich and delicious."
97,hypno,"In Alola, Komala is this Pokémon’s main target. It rarely harms people."
375,metang,"Two Beldum have become stuck together via their own magnetic forces. With two brains, the resulting this Pokémon has doubled psychic powers."
276,taillow,It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
156,quilava,It intimidates foes with the heat of its flames. The fire burns more strongly when it readies to fight.
349,feebas,"It is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water."
165,ledyba,It is very timid. It will be afraid to move if it is alone. But it will be active if it is in a group.
424,ambipom,"Split into two, the tails are so adept at handling and doing things, this Pokémon rarely uses its hands."
362,glalie,"To protect itself, it clads its body in an armor of ice, made by freezing moisture in the air."
8,wartortle,"When tapped on its head, this Pokémon will pull it in, but its tail will still stick out a little bit."
648,meloetta,The melodies sung by this Pokémon have the power to make Pokémon that hear them happy or sad.
444,gabite,It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves and hoards the loot in its nest.
415,combee,A Pokémon formed by three others. It busily carries sweet floral honey to VESPIQUEN.
536,palpitoad,"When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they can make waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land."
340,whiscash,"It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything - if it is alive, this Pokémon will eat it."
339,barboach,"Its slippery body is hard to grasp, so much so that there are festivals where people compete to see how many they can catch barehanded."
329,vibrava,"It generates ultrasonic waves by violently flapping its wings. After making its prey faint, it melts the prey with acid."
135,jolteon,"A sensitive POKé­ MON that easily becomes sad orangry. Every time its mood changes, it charges power."
471,glaceon,"By controlling its body heat, it can freeze the atmosphere around it to make a diamond-dust flurry."
142,aerodactyl,A Pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era. Its teeth are like saw blades.
457,lumineon,They traverse the deep waters as if crawling over the seafloor. The fantastic lights of its fins shine like stars in the night sky.
642,thundurus,"As it flies around, it shoots lightning all over the place and causes forest fires. It is therefore disliked."
400,bibarel,"A river dammed by this Pokémon will never overflow its banks, which is appreciated by people nearby."
545,scolipede,"With quick movements, it chases down its foes, attacking relentlessly with its horns until it prevails."
209,snubbull,"By baring its fangs and making a scary face, it sends smaller POKéMON scurrying in terror. The this Pokémon does seem a little sad at making its foes flee."
235,smeargle,"this Pokémon marks the boundaries of its territory using a body fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail.Over 5,000 different marks left by this POKéMON have been found."
718,zygarde,Some say it can change to an even more powerful form when battling those who threaten the ecosystem.
327,spinda,No two this Pokémon have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
44,gloom,"It secretes a sticky, drool-like honey. Althoughsweet, it smells too repulsive to get very close."
360,wynaut,It tends to move in a pack. Individuals squash against one another to toughen their spirits.
142,aerodactyl,A Pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era. Its teeth are like saw blades.
199,slowking,"this Pokémon undertakes research every day in an effort to solve the mysteries of the world. However, this Pokémon apparently forgets everything it has learned if the Shellder on its head comes off."
430,honchkrow,It is merciless by nature. It is said that it never forgives the mistakes of its MURKROW followers.
634,zweilous,The two heads do not get along. Whichever head eats more than the other gets to be the leader.
421,cherrim,"If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun’s rays with its whole body."
647,keldeo,"It crosses the world, running over the surfaces of oceans and rivers. It appears at scenic waterfronts."
167,spinarak,It sets a trap by spinning a web with thin but strong silk. It waits motionlessly for prey to arrive.
393,piplup,"A poor walker, it often falls down. However, its strong pride makes it puff up its chest without a care."
97,hypno,"Seeing its swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up."
57,primeape,"The blood vessels in its brain are sturdier than those of other Pokémon, so it can stay healthy despite its constant raging."
428,lopunny,"The ears appear to be delicate. If they are touched roughly, it kicks with its graceful legs."
217,ursaring,"With its ability to distinguish any aroma, it unfail­ingly finds all food buried deep underground."
32,nidoran-m,Its large ears are flapped like wings when it is listening to distant sounds. It extends toxic barbs when angered.
456,finneon,It lures in prey with its shining tail fins. It stays near the surface during the day and moves to the depths when night falls.
716,xerneas,Legends say it can share eternal life. It slept for a thousand years in the form of a tree before its revival.
78,rapidash,"With incredible acceleration, it reaches its topspeed of 150 mph after running just ten steps."
115,kangaskhan,It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
321,wailord,It is among the largest of all POKéMON. It herds prey in a pack then swallows the massed prey in one gulp.
11,metapod,A steel-hard shell protects its tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution.
593,jellicent,"this Pokémon is always hanging around fancy cruise ships and tankers, hoping to drag away its prey."
139,omastar,It is thought that this Pokémon became extinct because its spiral shell grew too large.
508,stoutland,It rescues people stranded by blizzards in the mountains. Its shaggy fur shields it from the cold.
679,honedge,this Pokémon’s soul once belonged to a person who was killed a long time ago by the sword that makes up this Pokémon’s body.
582,vanillite,"It exhales cold air that is at –58 degrees Fahrenheit. When it’s in a warm place, it shrinks little by little."
1,bulbasaur,"While it is young, it uses the nutrients that are stored in the seed on its back in order to grow."
673,gogoat,It can tell how its Trainer is feeling by subtle shifts in the grip on its horns. This empathic sense lets them run as if one being.
436,bronzor,Ancient people believed that the pattern on this Pokémon’s back contained a mysterious power.
246,larvitar,"Raised on nutrients it finds in the dirt, it eats roughly a mountain’s worth of dirt before it becomes a pupa."
129,magikarp,"this Pokémon is virtually useless in battle as it can only splash around. As a result, it is considered to be weak.However, it is actually a very hardy POKéMON that can survive in any body of water no matter how polluted it is."
224,octillery,"It traps enemies with its suction-cupped tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head."
392,infernape,It uses unique fighting moves with fire on its hands and feet. It will take on any opponent.
235,smeargle,"this Pokémon marks the boundaries of its territory using a body fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail.Over 5,000 different marks left by this POKéMON have been found."
110,weezing,"this Pokémon loves the gases given off by rotted kitchen garbage. This POKéMON will find a dirty, unkempt house andmake it its home. At night, when the people in the house are asleep, it will go through the trash."
771,pyukumuku,These Pokémon line the beaches. The sticky mucous that covers their bodies can be used to soothe sunburned skin. How convenient!
444,gabite,It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves and hoards the loot in its nest.
481,mesprit,"Known as “The Being of Emotion.” It taught humans the nobility of sorrow, pain, and joy."
147,dratini,It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.
271,lombre,It lives at the water’s edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water grass by day and becomes active at night.
87,dewgong,"It swims through the ocean at a speed of eight knots, searching for Pokémon that will become its prey. It’s especially fond of Wishiwashi."
307,meditite,"It continually meditates for hours every day. As a result of rigorous and dedicated yoga training, it has tempered its spiritual power so much it can fly."
606,beheeyem,"Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three fingers, but those patterns haven’t been decoded."
708,phantump,"According to old tales, these Pokémon are stumps possessed by the spirits of children who died while lost in the forest."
439,mime-jr,"In an attempt to confuse its enemy, it mimics the enemy’s movements. Then it wastes no time in making itself scarce!"
458,mantyke,People organize tours to see this Pokémon frolic and skim the tops of waves with REMORAID.
47,parasect,The large mushroom on its back controls it. It often fights over territory with Shiinotic.
803,poipole,"An Ultra Beast that lives in a different world, it cackles wildly as it sprays its opponents with poison from the needles on its head."
450,hippowdon,It is surprisingly quick to anger. It holds its mouth agape as a display of its strength.
363,spheal,It rolls across ice floes to reach shore because its body is poorly shaped for swimming.
195,quagsire,Its body is always slimy. It often bangs its head on the river bottom as it swims but seems not to care.
344,claydol,It appears to have been born from clay dolls made by ancient people. It uses telekinesis to float and move.
182,bellossom,"A this Pokémon grows flowers more beautifully if it has evolved from a smelly Gloom—the more stinky the better. At night, this Pokémon closes its petals and goes to sleep."
25,pikachu,"When several of these POKéMON gather, theirelectricity could build and cause lightning storms."
677,espurr,The organ that emits its intense psychic power is sheltered by its ears to keep power from leaking out.
163,hoothoot,"It always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen."
190,aipom,It uses its tail to hang on to tree branches. It usesits momentum to swing from one branch to another.
107,hitmonchan,"Its punches slice the air. However, it seems to need ashort break after fighting for three minutes."
802,marshadow,"It slips into the shadows of others and mimics their powers and movements. As it improves, it becomes stronger than those it’s imitating."
101,electrode,It is known to drift on winds if it is bloated to bursting with stored electricity.
169,crobat,The development of wings on its legs enables it to flyfast but also makes it tough to stop and rest.
64,kadabra,It emits special alpha waves from its body that induce headaches just by being close.
311,plusle,It cheers on partners while scattering sparks from its body. It climbs telephone poles to absorb electricity.
246,larvitar,"A Pokémon that eats soil. Once it has eaten a large mountain, it goes to sleep so it can grow."
392,infernape,It uses unique fighting moves with fire on its hands and feet. It will take on any opponent.
66,machop,"It loves to work out and build its muscles. It isnever satisfied, even if it trains hard all day long."
111,rhyhorn,"Strong, but not too bright, this Pokémon can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging tackles."
119,seaking,It is the male’s job to make a nest by carving out boulders in a stream using the horn on its head.
213,shuckle,The berries it stores in its vase-like shell decompose and become a gooey liquid.
126,magmar,"It dislikes cold places, so it blows scorchingflames to make the environment suit­ able for itself."
18,pidgeot,"By flapping its wings with all its might, this Pokémon can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees."
202,wobbuffet,"this Pokémon does nothing but endure attacks - it won’t attack on its own. However, it won’t endure an attack onits tail. When that happens, the POKéMON will try to take the foe with it using DESTINY BOND."
41,zubat,It checks its surroundings and location using reflections of the ultrasonic waves from its mouth.
47,parasect,The bug host is drained of energy by the mushroom on its back. The mushroom appears to do all the thinking.
172,pichu,"The electric sacs in its cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked."
310,manectric,"It stimulates its own muscles with electricity, so it can move quickly. It eases its soreness with electricity, too, so it can recover quickly as well."
822,corvisquire,The lessons of many harsh battles have taught it how to accurately judge an opponent’s strength.
365,walrein,It shatters drift ice with its strong tusks. Its thick layer of blubber repels enemy attacks.
338,solrock,"It absorbs solar energy during the day. Always expressionless, it can sense what its foe is thinking."
23,ekans,"The older it gets, the longer it grows. At night,it wraps its long body around tree branches to rest."
163,hoothoot,"It has a perfect sense of time. Whatever happens,it keeps rhythm by precisely tilting its head in time."
731,pikipek,It pecks at trees with its hard beak. You can get some idea of its mood or condition from the rhythm of its pecking.
72,tentacool,It can sometimes be found all dry and shriveled upon a beach. Toss it back into the sea to revive it.
390,chimchar,"It is very agile. Before going to sleep, it extinguishes the flame on its tail to prevent fires."
531,audino,"This Pokémon has a kind heart. By touching with its feelers, this Pokémon can gauge other creatures’ feelings and physical conditions."
311,plusle,"When this Pokémon is cheering on its partner, it flashes with electric sparks from all over its body. If its partner loses, this Pokémon cries loudly."
60,poliwag,"this Pokémon has a very thin skin. It is possible to see the Pokémon’s spiral innards right through the skin. Despite its thinness, however, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it."
429,mismagius,"It appears as if from nowhere—muttering incantations, placing curses, and giving people terrifying visions."
140,kabuto,A POKéMON that was regenerated from a fossil found in what was once the ocean floor long ago.
450,hippowdon,It blasts internally stored sand from ports on its body to create a towering twister for attack.
579,reuniclus,"They use psychic power to control their arms, which are made of a special liquid. They can crush boulders psychically."
51,dugtrio,"A team of triplets that can burrow over 60 MPH.Due to this, some people think it's an earthquake."
230,kingdra,It lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves.
97,hypno,"As a matter of course, it makes anyone it meets fall asleep and has a taste of their dreams. Anyone having a good dream, it carries off."
330,flygon,People continue to have their hearts stolen by its enchanting songs and find themselves stranded in the desert.
25,pikachu,It raises its tail to check its sur­ roundings. Thetail is sometimes struck by light­ ning in this pose.
152,chikorita,It uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe.
151,mew,"Apparently, it appears only to those people who are pure of heart and have a strong desire to see it."
461,weavile,Evolution made it even more devious. It communicates by clawing signs in boulders.
413,wormadam,Its appearance changes depending on where it evolved. The materials on hand become a part of its body.
242,blissey,Anyone who takes even one taste of this Pokémon’s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone.
248,tyranitar,"A this Pokémon is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. It roams in mountains seeking new opponents to fight."
233,porygon2,"With planetary development software installed, it became capable of working in space."
476,probopass,It exudes strong magnetism from all over. It controls three small units called Mini-Noses.
47,parasect,A mushroom grown larger than the host’s body controls this Pokémon. It scatters poisonous spores.
738,vikavolt,It produces electricity via an electrical organ in its abdomen. It overwhelms bird Pokémon with shocking beams of electrical energy.
131,lapras,"A smart and kindhearted Pokémon, it glides across the surface of the sea while its beautiful song echoes around it."
787,tapu-bulu,"It pulls large trees up by the roots and swings them around. It causes vegetation to grow, and then it absorbs energy from the growth."
89,muk,"After recent environmental improvements, this Pokémon is now hardly seen at all. People speculate that it may go extinct at some point."
705,sliggoo,"Although this Pokémon isn’t very strong, its body is coated in a caustic slime that can melt through anything, so predators steer clear of it."
197,umbreon,"This Pokémon is nocturnal. Even in total darkness, its large eyes can spot its prey clearly!"
627,rufflet,"They crush berries with their talons. They bravely stand up to any opponent, no matter how strong it is."
203,girafarig,"When it is in danger, its tail uses some sort ofmysterious powers to drive away the enemy."
203,girafarig,"this Pokémon’s rear head also has a brain, but it is small. The rear head attacks in response to smells and sounds.Approaching this POKéMON from behind can cause the rear head to suddenly lash out and bite."
334,altaria,"If it bonds with a person, it will gently envelop the friend with its soft wings, then hum."
269,dustox,It scatters horribly toxic dust when it senses danger. They tend to gather in the glow of streetlamps at night.
184,azumarill,Its long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of things in water and tell what they are.
835,yamper,"This gluttonous Pokémon only assists people with their work because it wants treats. As it runs, it crackles with electricity."
78,rapidash,"It usually canters casually in the fields and plains. But once a this Pokémon turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph."
164,noctowl,"It unfailingly catches prey in darkness. this Pokémon owe their success to superior vision that allows them to see in minimal light, and to their supple and silent wings."
99,kingler,"The larger pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, it is so heavy, it is difficult to aim."
200,misdreavus,"It loves to bite and yank people's hair from behindwithout warning, just to see their shocked reactions."
383,groudon,"Through Primal Reversion and with nature’s full power, it will take back its true form. It can cause magma to erupt and expand the landmass of the world."
577,solosis,They drive away attackers by unleashing psychic power. They can use telepathy to talk with others.
356,dusclops,"Its body is entirely hollow. When it opens its mouth, it sucks everything in as if it were a black hole."
67,machoke,"this Pokémon’s boundless power is very dangerous, so it wears a belt that suppresses its energy."
213,shuckle,"The berries stored in its vaselike shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice."
128,tauros,"Once it takes aim at its foe, it makes a headlong charge. It is famous for its violent nature."
152,chikorita,It uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe.
378,regice,"this Pokémon’s body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can’t be melted, even by fire.This POKéMON controls frigid air of minus 328 degrees F."
337,lunatone,"this Pokémon was discovered at a location where a meteorite fell. As a result, some people theorize that this POKéMONcame from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far."
327,spinda,"It is distinguished by a pattern of spots that is always different. Its unsteady, tottering walk has the effect of fouling its foe’s aim."
292,shedinja,A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit.
289,slaking,The world’s laziest Pokémon. It moves to another spot when there’s no food left within its reach.
126,magmar,"In battle, it blows out intense flames from all over its body to intimidate its foe. These fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in the area."
492,shaymin,The flowers all over its body burst into bloom if it is lovingly hugged and senses gratitude.
99,kingler,"It can hardly lift its massive, overgrown pincer. The pincer’s size makes it difficult to aim properly."
421,cherrim,"If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun’s rays with its whole body."
444,gabite,It sheds its skin and gradually grows larger. Its scales can be ground into a powder and used as raw materials for traditional medicine.
164,noctowl,"When it needs to think, it rotates its head 180 degrees to sharpen its intellectual power."
77,ponyta,"Its hind legs, which have hooves that are harder than diamond, kick back at any presence it senses behind it."
419,floatzel,Its flotation sac developed as a result of pursuing aquatic prey. It can double as a rubber raft.
50,diglett,"this Pokémon are raised in most farms. The reason is simple— wherever this Pokémon burrows, the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables."
243,raikou,It is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back.
149,dragonite,You’ll often hear tales of this kindhearted Pokémon rescuing people or Pokémon that are drowning.
177,natu,"It usually forages for food on the ground but may, on rare occasions, hop onto branches to peck at shoots."
766,passimian,"Displaying amazing teamwork, they follow the orders of their boss as they all help out in the search for their favorite berries."
242,blissey,"Even the most ferocious Pokémon become calm when they eat this Pokémon’s egg, which is said to be filled with happiness."
190,aipom,It uses its tail to pluck fruits that are out of reach. Its tail is more adept than its real hands.
35,clefairy,"On every night of a full moon, groups of this Pokémon come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired this Pokémon return to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other."
138,omanyte,"A prehistoric Pokémon that lived in the primordial sea, it swims by twisting its 10 tentacles about."
183,marill,"Using its tail as a float, it dives underwater. It likes eating plants that grow on river bottoms."
404,luxio,"By joining its tail with that of another this Pokémon, this Pokémon can receive some of the other this Pokémon’s electricity and power up its own electric blasts."
788,tapu-fini,"The guardian deity of Poni, it can control water. People say it can create pure water that will wash away any uncleanness."
61,poliwhirl,"Its body surface is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this greasy covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle."
107,hitmonchan,"Its punches slice the air. They are launched at such high speed, even a slight graze could cause a burn."
578,duosion,"When their two divided brains think the same thoughts, their psychic power is maximized."
264,linoone,"When running in a straight line, it can easily top 60 miles an hour. It has a tough time with curved roads."
18,pidgeot,"By flapping its wings with all its might, this Pokémon can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees."
333,swablu,this Pokémon has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds. This POKéMON is not frightened of people.It lands on the heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat.
467,magmortar,"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit from the ends of its arms. It lives in volcanic craters."
549,lilligant,The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect. It withers if a Trainer does not take good care of it.
429,mismagius,"this Pokémon have been known to cast spells to make people fall in love, so some people search for this Pokémon as if their life depended on it."
96,drowzee,"If you sleep by it all the time, it will sometimes show you dreams it had eaten in the past."
69,bellsprout,It plants its feet deep underground to replenish wa­ter. It can't es­ cape its enemy while it's rooted.
135,jolteon,"Its fur stands on end, becoming like needles it fires at enemies. Once they’re weakened, it finishes them off with a 10,000 volt shock."
459,snover,"During cold seasons, it migrates to the mountain’s lower reaches. It returns to the snow-covered summit in the spring."
98,krabby,"If it is unable to find food, it will absorbnutrients by swallowing a mouthful of sand."
13,weedle,It eats its weight in leaves every day. It fends off attackers with the needle on its head.
30,nidorina,"When it senses danger, it raises all the barbs on its body. These barbs grow slower than NIDORINO’s."
879,copperajah,They came over from another region long ago and worked together with humans. Their green skin is resistant to water.
621,druddigon,"It races through narrow caves, using its sharp claws to catch prey. The skin on its face is harder than a rock."
294,loudred,"It shouts loudly by inhaling air, and then uses its well-developed stomach muscles to exhale."
646,kyurem,"Dwelling within it is a power even greater than that of Reshiram or Zekrom, but the extreme cold keeps that power bound."
371,bagon,Its well-developed neck muscles and ironlike head can smash boulders into pieces.
84,doduo,A bird that makes up for its poor flying with itsfast foot speed. Leaves giant footprints.
90,shellder,"It is encased in a shell that is harder than diamond. Inside, however, it is surprisingly tender."
291,ninjask,Its cry leaves a lasting headache if heard for too long. It moves so quickly that it is almost invisible.
118,goldeen,"When it is time for them to lay eggs, they can be seen swimming up rivers and falls in large groups."
524,roggenrola,They were discovered a hundred years ago in an earthquake fissure. Inside each one is an energy core.
218,slugma,"Its body is made of magma. If it doesn’t keep moving, its body will cool and harden."
53,persian,"A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk."
32,nidoran-m,It scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection.
605,elgyem,"It uses its strong psychic power to squeeze its opponent’s brain, causing unendurable headaches."
12,butterfree,"this Pokémon has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers.It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest."
68,machamp,"With four arms that react more quickly than it can think, it can execute many punches at once."
175,togepi,"As its energy, this Pokémon uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. This Pokémon stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others."
345,lileep,It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
29,nidoran-f,"Small and very docile, it pro­ tects itself withits small, poison­ ous horn when attacked."
270,lotad,"this Pokémon is said to have dwelled on land before. However, this Pokémon is thought to have returned to water because the leaf on its head grew large and heavy. It now lives by floating atop the water."
86,seel,The protruding horn on its head is very hard.It is used for bashing through thick ice.
691,dragalge,"This vicious Pokémon sprays a poisonous liquid on opponents that come near. For whatever reason, it gets along really well with Dhelmise."
511,pansage,It shares the leaf on its head with weary-looking Pokémon. These leaves are known to relieve stress.
400,bibarel,It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker.
230,kingdra,"this Pokémon sleeps on the seafloor where it is otherwise devoid of life. When a storm arrives, the POKéMON issaid to awaken and wander about in search of prey."
226,mantine,"When the waves are calm, one may encounter a swarm of this Pokémon swimming as if they are in flight."
649,genesect,This ancient bug Pokémon was altered by Team Plasma. They upgraded the cannon on its back.
561,sigilyph,"The guardians of an ancient city, they use their psychic power to attack enemies that invade their territory."
183,marill,"The oil-filled tail functions as a buoy, so it’s fine even in rivers with strong currents."
38,ninetales,Legend has it that this Pokémon came into being when nine wizards possessing sacred powers merged into one.This POKéMON is highly intelligent - it can understand human speech.
75,graveler,"this Pokémon grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss. This Pokémon eats its way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis."
272,ludicolo,"Upon hearing an upbeat and cheerful rhythm, the cells in this Pokémon’s body become very energetic and active.Even in battle, this POKéMON will exhibit an amazing amount of power."
471,glaceon,It causes small ice crystals to form by lowering the temperature of the surrounding atmosphere.
640,virizion,"Its head sprouts horns as sharp as blades. Using whirlwind-like movements, it confounds and swiftly cuts opponents."
119,seaking,The horn on its head is sharp like a drill. It bores a hole in a boulder to make its nest.
283,surskit,"From the tips of its feet, this Pokémon secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating.This POKéMON feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes."
91,cloyster,"For protection, it uses its harder-than-diamond shell. It also shoots spikes from the shell."
443,gible,It nests in horizontal holes warmed by geothermal heat. Foes who get too close can expect to be pounced on and bitten.
63,abra,"Sleeps 18 hours a day. If it senses danger, it will teleport itself to safety even as it sleeps."
295,exploud,Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
40,wigglytuff,"Its body is very elastic. By inhaling deeply, it can continue to inflate itself without limit."
110,weezing,Inhaling toxic fumes from trash and mixing them inside its body lets it spread an even fouler stench.
199,slowking,"When its head was bitten, toxins entered Slowpoke’s head and unlocked an extraordinary power."
321,wailord,"It breathes through nostrils that it raises above the sea. By inhaling to its maximum capacity, a this Pokémon can dive close to 10,000 feet beneath the waves."
50,diglett,"this Pokémon are raised in most farms. The reason is simple— wherever this Pokémon burrows, the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables."
337,lunatone,"this Pokémon becomes active around the time of the full moon. Instead of walking, it moves by floating in midair. The Pokémon’s intimidating red eyes cause all those who see it to become transfixed with fear."
220,swinub,this Pokémon roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows underthe cover of dead grass. This POKéMON occasionally roots out hot springs.
141,kabutops,The cause behind the extinction of this species is unknown. this Pokémon were aggressive Pokémon that inhabited warm seas.
512,simisage,"Ill tempered, it fights by swinging its barbed tail around wildly. The leaf growing on its head is very bitter."
130,gyarados,"It is an extremely vicious and violent POKéMON. When humans begin to fight, it will appear and burn everything to the ground with intensely hot flames."
99,kingler,"The larger pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, it is so heavy, it is difficult to aim."
262,mightyena,It chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer.
131,lapras,Crossing icy seas is no issue for this cold-resistant Pokémon. Its smooth skin is a little cool to the touch.
732,trumbeak,It can bend the tip of its beak to produce over a hundred different cries at will.
11,metapod,"This Pokémon is vulnerable to attack while its shell is soft, exposing its weak and tender body."
136,flareon,"When storing thermal energy in its body, its temperature can soar to over 1,600 degrees Fahrenheit."
713,avalugg,"As this Pokémon moves about during the day, the cracks in its body deepen. The Pokémon’s body returns to a pristine state overnight."
101,electrode,Stores electrical energy inside its body. Even the slightest shock could trigger a huge explosion.
352,kecleon,"It can freely change its body’s color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn’t change, however."
42,golbat,"Its feet are tiny, but this Pokémon walks skillfully. It sneaks up on sleeping prey before sinking in its fangs and slurping up blood."
78,rapidash,"It gallops at nearly 150 mph. With its mane blazing ferociously, it races as if it were an arrow."
476,probopass,It radiates such a powerful magnetic field that nearby electrical appliances become unusable.
598,ferrothorn,Its spikes are harder than steel. This Pokémon crawls across rock walls by stabbing the spikes on its feelers into the stone.
562,yamask,Each of them carries a mask that used to be its face when it was human. Sometimes they look at it and cry.
144,articuno,This Pokémon can control ice at will. this Pokémon is said to live in snowy mountains riddled with permafrost.
840,applin,"It spends its entire life inside an apple. It hides from its natural enemies, bird Pokémon, by pretending it’s just an apple and nothing more."
234,stantler,Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
848,toxel,"It manipulates the chemical makeup of its poison to produce electricity. The voltage is weak, but it can cause a tingling paralysis."
283,surskit,It moves as if skating on the surface of the water. It often fights with Dewpider over food.
550,basculin,"Savage, violent Pokémon, red and blue this Pokémon are always fighting each other over territory."
131,lapras,It loves crossing the sea with people and Pokémon on its back. It understands human speech.
120,staryu,"As long as the center section is unharmed, this Pokémon can grow back fully even if it is chopped to bits."
191,sunkern,"It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. A year after a cold summer, their population explodes."
310,manectric,"this Pokémon is constantly discharging electricity from its mane. The sparks sometimes ignite forest fires.When it enters a battle, this POKéMON creates thunderclouds."
575,gothorita,"It’s said that when stars shine in the night sky, this Pokémon will spirit away sleeping children. Some call it the Witch of Punishment."
481,mesprit,It sleeps at the bottom of a lake. Its spirit is said to leave its body to fly on the lake’s surface.
143,snorlax,this Pokémon’s typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile POKéMON that there are children who use its big belly as a place to play.
137,porygon,It is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data in order to enter cyberspace. A this Pokémon is copy- protected so it cannot be duplicated.
242,blissey,"this Pokémon senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this POKéMON will rush over to the sad person,however far they may be, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face."
508,stoutland,"Its fur is long and thick. A long time ago in cold regions, every household kept a this Pokémon."
21,spearow,Its short wings make it inept at flying. It moves about hurriedly and pecks at Bug-type Pokémon in the tall grass.
114,tangela,"this Pokémon’s vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway.The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day."
90,shellder,"The sand that accumulates inside its shell eventually becomes a pearl. But the pearl gets in the way, so it spits it out and discards it."
194,wooper,"When the temperature cools in the evening, they emerge from water to seek food along the shore."
862,obstagoon,Its voice is staggering in volume. this Pokémon has a tendency to take on a threatening posture and shout—this move is known as Obstruct.
570,zorua,"To protect themselves from danger, they hide their true identities by transforming into people and Pokémon."
81,magnemite,The units at its sides generate electromagnetic waves that keep it airborne. It feeds on electricity.
194,wooper,"When it walks a­ round on the ground, it coatsits body with a slimy, poisonous film."
73,tentacruel,Its 80 tentacles can stretch and contract freely. They wrap around prey and weaken it with poison.
691,dragalge,"Tales are told of ships that wander into seas where this Pokémon live, never to return."
315,roselia,"Its flowers give off a relaxing fragrance. The stronger its aroma, the healthier the this Pokémon is."
344,claydol,An ancient clay figurine that came to life as a Pokémon from exposure to a mysterious ray of light.
695,heliolisk,They flare their frills and generate energy. A single this Pokémon can generate sufficient electricity to power a skyscraper.
624,pawniard,"It follows Bisharp’s orders to a tee when it attacks enemies. After slashing an opponent, this Pokémon clangs both of its blades together."
200,misdreavus,A Pokémon that startles people in the middle of the night. It gathers fear as its energy.
94,gengar,A this Pokémon is close by if you feel a sudden chill.It may be trying to lay a curse on you.
290,nincada,"Because it lived almost entirely underground, it is nearly blind. It uses its antennae instead."
238,smoochum,"It actively runs about, but also falls often. Whenever it falls, it will check its reflection on a lake’s surface to make sure its face hasn’t become dirty."
583,vanillish,"They cool down the surrounding air and create ice particles, which they use to freeze their foes."
206,dunsparce,this Pokémon has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backwards.This POKéMON is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
213,shuckle,"this Pokémon quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its hard shell while eating berries it has stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice."
209,snubbull,"By baring its fangs and making a scary face, this Pokémon sends smaller Pokémon scurrying away in terror. However, this Pokémon seems a little sad at making its foes flee."
458,mantyke,"When it swims close to the surface of the ocean, people aboard ships are able to observe the pattern on its back."
341,corphish,Its hardy vitality enables it to adapt to any environment. Its pincers will never release prey.
74,geodude,"When this Pokémon sleeps deeply, it buries itself halfway into the ground. It will not awaken even if hikers stepon it unwittingly. In the morning, this POKéMON rolls downhill in search of food."
628,braviary,"For the sake of its friends, this brave warrior of the sky will not stop battling, even if injured."
51,dugtrio,"Its three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles."
219,magcargo,Its body is as hot as lava and is always billowing.Flames will occasionally burst from its shell.
451,skorupi,It burrows under the sand to lie in wait for prey. Its tail claws can inject its prey with a savage poison.
470,leafeon,"Just like a plant, it uses photosynthesis. As a result, it is always enveloped in clear air."
412,burmy,"To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves."
15,beedrill,"May appear in a swarm. Flies at violent speeds, all the while stabbing with the toxic stinger on its rear."
78,rapidash,"At full gallop, its four hooves barely touch the ground because it moves so incredibly fast."
7,squirtle,"The shell is soft when it is born. It soon becomes soresilient, prod­ ding fingers will bounce off it."
133,eevee,this Pokémon has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives.Radiation from various STONES causes this POKéMON to evolve.
198,murkrow,"Feared and loathed by many, it is believed to bringmisfortune to all those who see it at night."
661,fletchling,"Despite the beauty of its lilting voice, it’s merciless to intruders that enter its territory."
59,arcanine,Its proud and regal appearance has captured the hearts of people since long ago.
382,kyogre,It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
686,inkay,"It flashes the light-emitting spots on its body, which drains its opponent’s will to fight. It takes the opportunity to scuttle away and hide."
480,uxie,"When this Pokémon flew, people gained the ability to solve problems. It was the birth of knowledge."
32,nidoran-m,It scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection.
118,goldeen,"It swims at a steady 5 knots. If it senses danger, it will strike back with its sharp horn."
432,purugly,"It binds its body with its tails to make itself look bigger. If it locks eyes, it will glare ceaselessly."
298,azurill,"this Pokémon’s tail is large and bouncy. It is packed full of the nutrients this Pokémon needs to grow. this Pokémon can be seen bouncing and playing on its big, rubbery tail."
278,wingull,"It makes its nest on sheer cliffs. Riding the sea breeze, it glides up into the expansive skies."
540,sewaddle,Leavanny dress it in clothes they made for it when it hatched. It hides its head in its hood while it is sleeping.
70,weepinbell,"this Pokémon has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the Pokémon hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground."
305,lairon,It habitually shows off its strength with the size of sparks it creates by ramming its steel body into boulders.
444,gabite,There is a long-held belief that medicine made from its scales will heal even incurable illnesses.
305,lairon,It loves iron ore. Groups of them fight for territory by bashing one another with their steel bodies.
533,gurdurr,"With strengthened bodies, they skillfully wield steel beams to take down buildings."
411,bastiodon,It lived in the same environments as Rampardos. Their fossils have been found together— seemingly from after they’d fought to the finish.
269,dustox,"Toxic powder is scattered with each flap. At night, it is known to strip leaves off trees lining boulevards."
159,croconaw,"Once this Pokémon has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs areforked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in."
237,hitmontop,"After doing a handstand to throw off theopponent's timing, it presents its fancy kick moves."
180,flaaffy,"In the places on its body where fleece doesn’t grow, its skin is rubbery and doesn’t conduct electricity. Those spots are safe to touch."
90,shellder,"The shell can withstand any attack. However,when it is open, the tender body is exposed."
458,mantyke,The pattern on its back varies by region. It often swims in a school of Remoraid.
368,gorebyss,"It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason."
450,hippowdon,"Stones can get stuck in the ports on their bodies. Dwebble help dislodge such stones, so this Pokémon look after these Pokémon."
405,luxray,It can see clearly through walls to track down its prey and seek its lost young.
229,houndoom,"The flames it breathes when angry contain toxins. If they cause a burn, it will hurt forever."
465,tangrowth,"Its vines grow so profusely that, in the warm season, you can’t even see its eyes."
73,tentacruel,It extends its 80 tentacles to form an encircling poisonous net that is difficult to escape.
582,vanillite,This Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. It sleeps buried in snow.
277,swellow,"If its two tail feathers are standing at attention, it is proof of good health. It soars elegantly in the sky."
608,lampent,It arrives near the moment of death and steals spirit from the body.
300,skitty,It shows its cute side by chasing its own tail until it gets dizzy.
125,electabuzz,It loves to feed on strong electricity. It occasionally appears around large power plants and so on.
314,illumise,"With its sweet aroma, it guides Volbeat to draw signs with light in the night sky."
428,lopunny,"Extremely cautious, it quickly bounds off when it senses danger."
532,timburr,"Always carrying squared logs, they help out with construction. As they grow, they carry bigger logs."
122,mr-mime,Emanations from its fingertips solidify the air into invisible walls that repel even harsh attacks.
151,mew,"Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe this Pokémon to be the ancestor of Pokémon."
276,taillow,"this Pokémon courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be. This gutsy Pokémon will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry."
50,diglett,"this Pokémon are raised in most farms. The reason is simple--wherever they burrow, the soil is left perfectly tilled for growing delicious crops."
19,rattata,"It eats anything. Wherever food is available, it willsettle down and produce offspring continuously."
183,marill,"The tip of its tail is filled with oil that is lighter than water, so it acts as a float."
200,misdreavus,"A this Pokémon frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. It apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fear of foes as its nutrition."
189,jumpluff,"Even in the fierc­ est wind, it can control its fluffto make its way to any place in the world it wants."
211,qwilfish,"To fire its poison spikes, it must inflate its body by drinking over 2.6 gallons of water all at once."
79,slowpoke,"Although slow, it is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten."
367,huntail,"this Pokémon’s tail is shaped like a fish. It uses the tail to attract prey, then swallows the prey whole with its large, gaping mouth. This Pokémon swims by wiggling its slender body like a snake."
147,dratini,A this Pokémon continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.
469,yanmega,It prefers to battle by biting apart foes’ heads instantly while flying by at high speed.
293,whismur,"It usually murmurs, but starts crying loudly if it senses danger. It stops when its ear covers are shut."
462,magnezone,It evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism.
23,ekans,It sneaks through grass without making a sound and strikes unsuspecting prey from behind.
53,persian,Its lithe muscles allow it to walk without making a sound. It attacks in an instant.
42,golbat,It loves the blood of humans and Pokémon. It flies around at night in search of neck veins.
674,pancham,"It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies, but its glare is not sufficiently intimidating. Chewing on a leaf is its trademark."
827,nickit,"Aided by the soft pads on its feet, it silently raids the food stores of other Pokémon. It survives off its ill-gotten gains."
219,magcargo,The shell on its back is made of hardened magma. Tens of thousands of years spent living in volcanic craters have turned this Pokémon’s bodies into magma.
198,murkrow,It appears near travelers to lure them into deep forests. It is said to carry misfortune.
594,alomomola,"Floating in the open sea is how they live. When they find a wounded Pokémon, they embrace it and bring it to shore."
51,dugtrio,"Extremely power­ ful, they can DIG through even thehardest ground to a depth of over 60 miles."
41,zubat,"It sleeps in caves during the day. It has no eyes, so to check its surroundings while flying, it emits ultrasonic waves."
121,starmie,Its central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem.
403,shinx,The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. It glows when in trouble.
229,houndoom,"The flames it breathes when angry contain toxins. If they cause a burn, it will hurt forever."
244,entei,"Volcanoes erupt when it barks. Unable to contain its sheer power, it races headlong around the land."
19,rattata,"Will chew on any­ thing with its fangs. If you seeone, it is certain that 40 more live in the area."
437,bronzong,Ancient people believed that petitioning this Pokémon for rain was the way to make crops grow.
878,cufant,"If a job requires serious strength, this Pokémon will excel at it. Its copper body tarnishes in the rain, turning a vibrant green color."
343,baltoy,"As soon as it spots others of its kind, this Pokémon congregates with them and then begins crying noisily in unison.This POKéMON sleeps while cleverly balancing itself on its one foot."
356,dusclops,"It is thought that its body is hollow with only a spectral ball of fire burning inside. However, no one has been able to confirm this theory as fact."
60,poliwag,The direction of the spiral on the belly differs by area. It is more adept at swimming than walking.
10,caterpie,"For protection, it releases a horrible stench from the antennae on its head to drive away enemies."
788,tapu-fini,"Although it’s called a guardian deity, terrible calamities sometimes befall those who recklessly approach Tapu Fini."
122,mr-mime,It shapes an invisible wall in midair by minutely vibrating its fingertips to stop molecules in the air.
80,slowbro,"Lives lazily by the sea. If the Shellder on its tail comes off, it becomes a Slowpoke again."
258,mudkip,"To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders."
588,karrablast,These mysterious Pokémon evolve when they receive electrical stimulation while they are in the same place as Shelmet.
157,typhlosion,"When heat from its body causes the air around it toshimmer, this is a sign that it is ready to battle."
27,sandshrew,"Its body is dry. When it gets cold at night, itshide is said to become coated with a fine dew."
294,loudred,The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
120,staryu,"Fish Pokémon nibble at it, but this Pokémon isn’t bothered. Its body regenerates quickly, even if part of it is completely torn off."
431,glameow,"When it’s happy, this Pokémon demonstrates beautiful movements of its tail, like a dancing ribbon."
233,porygon2,"It was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets. However, it failed to measure up."
197,umbreon,this Pokémon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon’s waves. It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.
607,litwick,"this Pokémon shines a light that absorbs the life energy of people and Pokémon, which becomes the fuel that it burns."
418,buizel,"It swims by rotating its two tails like a screw. When it dives, its flotation sac collapses."
65,alakazam,"While it has strong psychic abilities and high intelligence, an this Pokémon’s muscles are very weak. It uses psychic power to move its body."
339,barboach,It probes muddy riverbeds with its two long whiskers. A slimy film protects its body.
22,fearow,"It uses its long beak to attack. It has a surprisinglylong reach, so it must be treated with caution."
131,lapras,"People have driven this Pokémon almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, this POKéMON is said to sing plaintivelyas it seeks what few others of its kind still remain."
195,quagsire,"This carefree Pokémon has an easy-going nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls."
57,primeape,It stops being angry only when nobody else isaround. To view this moment is very difficult.
314,illumise,"Its fragrance attracts a swarm of VOLBEAT, so they draw over 200 patterns in the night sky."
64,kadabra,"If it uses its abilities, it emits special alpha waves that cause machines to malfunction."
455,carnivine,It walks around on its tentacles in search of a tree branch where it can dangle down and ambush prey.
235,smeargle,"this Pokémon marks the boundaries of its territory using a body fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. Over 5,000 different marks left by this Pokémon have been found."
146,moltres,One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring.
778,mimikyu,There was a scientist who peeked under this Pokémon’s old rag in the name of research. The scientist died of a mysterious disease.
14,kakuna,"Almost incapable of moving, this POKéMON can onlyharden its shell to protect itself from predators."
66,machop,"Its whole body is composed of muscles. Even though it’s the size of a human child, it can hurl 100 grown-ups."
133,eevee,this Pokémon has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives.Radiation from various STONES causes this POKéMON to evolve.
592,frillish,"It envelops its prey in its veillike arms and draws it down to the deeps, five miles below the ocean’s surface."
201,unown,"When alone, nothing happens. However, if there are two or more, an odd power is said to emerge."
43,oddish,It often plants its root feet in the ground during the day and sows seeds as it walks about at night.
579,reuniclus,"They use psychic power to control their arms, which are made of a special liquid. They can crush boulders psychically."
499,pignite,"When its internal fire flares up, its movements grow sharper and faster. When in trouble, it emits smoke."
897,spectrier,It probes its surroundings with all its senses save one—it doesn’t use its sense of sight. this Pokémon’s kicks are said to separate soul from body.
33,nidorino,An aggressive Pokémon that is quick to attack. The horn on its head secretes a powerful venom.
391,monferno,"To intimidate attackers, it stretches the fire on its tail to make itself appear bigger."
113,chansey,"It is said to deliver happiness. Being compassionate, it shares its eggs with injured people."
90,shellder,It swims backward by opening and closing its two shells. Its large tongue is always kept hanging out.
780,drampa,"If a child it has made friends with is bullied, this Pokémon will find the bully’s house and burn it to the ground."
363,spheal,It crosses the oceans by rolling itself on drifting ice. Fluffy fur keeps it warm when the temperature is below freezing.
185,sudowoodo,It’s so popular with the elderly that there’s a magazine devoted to this Pokémon. Fans obsess over the particular length and angle of its arms.
364,sealeo,"Be it Spheal or Poké Ball, it will spin any round object on its nose with the greatest of ease."
238,smoochum,This is a very curious Pokémon. this Pokémon decides what it likes and dislikes by touching things with its lips.
94,gengar,Even your home isn’t safe. this Pokémon will lurk in whatever dark corner of a room it can find and wait for its chance to catch its prey.
144,articuno,A legendary bird Pokémon. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
629,vullaby,"It protects its plump posterior with the bones of prey it has consumed. As it grows, it replaces the bones."
462,magnezone,"Sometimes the magnetism emitted by this Pokémon is too strong, making them attract each other so they cannot move."
271,lombre,"It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere."
11,metapod,"Inside the shell, it is soft and weak as it prepares to evolve. It stays motionless in the shell."
514,simisear,"When it gets excited, embers rise from its head and tail and it gets hot. For some reason, it loves sweets."
129,magikarp,"In the distant past, it was somewhat strongerthan the horribly weak descendants that exist today."
607,litwick,"this Pokémon shines a light that absorbs the life energy of people and Pokémon, which becomes the fuel that it burns."
307,meditite,It always trains deep in mountains. It levitates when it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
69,bellsprout,A carnivorous POKéMON that traps and eats bugs.It uses its root feet to soak up needed moisture.
135,jolteon,"When its fur stands on end, that’s a sign it’s about to give off a jolt of electricity. Take care, as sometimes lightning strikes next to it, too."
406,budew,"Sensitive to changing temperature, the bud is said to bloom when it feels the sun’s warm touch."
417,pachirisu,It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity. It stores them with berries in tree holes.
52,meowth,"this Pokémon withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps.For some reason, this POKéMON loves shiny coins that glitter with light."
119,seaking,"In the autumn, this Pokémon males can be seen performing courtship dances in riverbeds to woo females.During this season, this POKéMON’s body coloration is at its most beautiful."
842,appletun,"Its body is covered in sweet nectar, and the skin on its back is especially yummy. Children used to have it as a snack."
326,grumpig,"this Pokémon uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe. When this Pokémon uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored."
249,lugia,"this Pokémon’s wings pack devastating power - a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses.As a result, this POKéMON chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea."
265,wurmple,"It sticks to tree branches and eats leaves. The thread it spits from its mouth, which becomes gooey when it touches air, slows the movement of its foes."
433,chingling,"Each time it hops, it makes a ringing sound. It deafens foes by emitting high-frequency cries."
671,florges,Its life can span several hundred years. It’s said to devote its entire life to protecting gardens.
137,porygon,this Pokémon is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace.This POKéMON is copy-protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying.
9,blastoise,The jets of water it spouts from the rocket cannons on its shell can punch through thick steel.
558,crustle,This highly territorial Pokémon prefers dry climates. It won’t come out of its boulder on rainy days.
56,mankey,"It can spontaneously become enraged. Everyone near it clears out as it rampages, and the resulting loneliness makes it angrier still."
277,swellow,It dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. It catches its prey with sharp claws.
349,feebas,"It is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water."
197,umbreon,"When exposed to the moon’s aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it’s filled with a mysterious power."
647,keldeo,"It crosses the world, running over the surfaces of oceans and rivers. It appears at scenic waterfronts."
580,ducklett,"When attacked, it uses its feathers to splash water, escaping under cover of the spray."
181,ampharos,this Pokémon gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used the light of this Pokémon to send signals back and forth with others far away.
70,weepinbell,A Pokémon that appears to be a plant. It captures unwary prey by dousing them with a toxic powder.
